1	100 grams of liverwurst provides 8308 mcg of vitamin A, which is way higher than the recommended daily allowance for vitamin A for adults (900 mcg for men and 700 mcg for women).
2	100 YEARS AGO Feb. 20, 1914 C. Spurling, formerly a member of the Little Rock police force, was fined $250 and costs by Justice of the Peace E. H. Sanders yesterday afternoon on a charge of disturbing the peace.
3	10 great reasons to visit Westport Could Westport be the best weekend break in Ireland?
4	11. Watch Financial Television (But Only Sometimes) In general, you should avoid taking investment advice from a TV pundit.
5	12:43 p.m.: Bavor says the VR headset was designed using fabrics such as ones used in athletic wear so it's breathable and comfortable.
6	12' 4" x 9' (3.76m x 2.74m) Central heating radiator, UPVC double glazed window to side, UPVC double glazed French doors to private rear garden.
7	14. Is winning everything to you?
8	14—This district’s Court of Appeal ruled that defendants who filed a timely motion to strike a strategic lawsuit against public participation, in a suit that was dismissed on other grounds, may be awarded attorney fees under the anti-SLAPP law.
9	15: Kyle Brewer, a 10th-grade member of the New Paltz High School track team, dies after collapsing during a practice, the school district announced.
10	1675 Discovery, Vancouver BC, Canada This 135-seat performance venue is home to United Players, which offers a five-play season.
11	16 minutes ago Stamkos returns to Tampa for evaluation of leg injury Tampa Bay Lightning captain Steven Stamkos is returning home for further..
12	2011 Elections – Constitutional Amendments There are six constitutional amendments for Louisiana voters to consider this fall.
13	231 South Band will be there.
14	2 dead, 24 injured in SW China blast The death toll from a gas blast on Thursday in Southwest China's Sichuan province rose to two after an injured person died in hospital.
15	2. Heat up a non-stick skillet over medium heat.
16	2 J-DEAU’S BIG GAY MILESTONE The prime minister will march in this year’s Toronto pride parade — a first for a sitting PM.
17	2. That this resolution be issued as a public document to be disseminated to the press and media.
18	2 Used Fiat Coupe cars for sale near Warwick found Used Fiat Coupe cars for sale near Warwick One of two large coupés styled by Pininfarina in the 1970s, the other being the Rolls-Royce Camargue, the FIAT 130 Coupé was arguably the more successful design.
19	2. We should honor the reality of our emotions.
20	300 block of PR 4732 – A complainant reported that several teenagers next door were being “loud and unruly.”
21	$30 per couple Thursdays-Sundays, 7 p.m. Continues through Nov. 5 www.wickedwayshauntedhouse@gmail.com Skin crawling insects, roaming zombies, overgrown man eating vegetation, hoards of zombies in Massive Military Zombie Containment Base.
22	31. (1) A person who gives or agrees to give or offers an advantage to another person, to cause a public officer to use his influence, real or fictitious, to obtain any work, employment, contract or other benefit from a public body commits an offence.
23	35. Canadian governments believe that it is not possible for them to compete with their competitors level of farm support.
24	37-year-old Brandie Ilene Walton and 20-year-old Philomene Rose Skinaway each face one assault count and one theft count.
25	3. Agree never to support, directly or indirectly, the Kashmir conflict in India.
26	3. Battle brings home gold for Atlanta, wins state title › Battle brings home gold for Atlanta, wins state title Alvin Battle made sure to make his final powerlifting appearance of his high school career a memorable one.
27	3. Father, grant unto me the grace to turn away from my evil ways,unto you, with a repentant heart. 4. Father,in anyway, l have fallen short of your glory,have mercy and forgive me.
28	$3M Mon Wharf trail dedicated, Route 28 trail ready for construction Pittsburgh's interconnected trail system is coming together with the completion and the construction of new portions along the Monongahela and Allegheny Rivers.
29	3 Next-Level Watermelon Recipes You Have to Try Everyone loves watermelon, but this sweet fruit also has its limitations.
30	3 Terrifying Things About the Earth We're in Denial About Posted on: Nov 27, 2012, Source: TomDispatch This year's edition of the World Energy Outlook was greeted with jubilation when it revealed that the US might become top oil producer.
31	3. The City Manager and City Attorney are "let go" and the taxpayers who pay their severance packages and pensions are not allowed to know why they are fired.
32	3. Waiting to figure out how to repay If you take out loans, start making payments while in school if you can.
33	470 Child Sexual Abuse Bill pic Daily e-mail blast featuring our latest headlines.
34	4A NORTH REGION BOYS: Maumelle to play in region final Maumelle junior Derayun Canada came off the bench to keep Booneville at bay Saturday afternoon.
35	4. Contagious laughter and unspeakable joy, visit us tommorow at the appeal court sitting in Ibadan, in the name of Jesus.
36	4. Jeff Parish on board with ride- In April 2015, the Jefferson Parish Council quashed a proposal that would have allowed app-based ride-hailing services such as Lyft and Uber to operate in the parish.
37	4. You control the content, so if you misspell a name or get a number wrong, it is your own fault (but you can fix it quickly).
38	5.92m (19' 5") x 1.32m (4' 4") max Two double radiators and power points. 4.85m (15' 11") x 3.61m (11' 10") Two UPVC double glazed windows to front aspect, double radiator, TV point and power points.
39	5. EU proposes complete ban on drift-net fishing The European Union wants a complete ban by 2015 on drift-net fishing.
40	5. Insurance May Be More Affordable When leasing a car, you will likely have to purchase additional “gap” insurance.
41	66': Schweinsteiger's corner reached Mertesacker at the back post but he could not keep his header down and it passed harmlessly over the crossbar.
42	6 more electoral votes needed for Trump Goodwell Boosters near goal, prepare for new playground The Goodwell Eagles Booster Club is nearing their monetary goal for a new playground structure and equipment for Goodwell Public Schools.
43	75% of Obamacare plans in California use narrow networks, study shows A new study finds that 75% of California's Obamacare health plans have narrow physician networks -- more limited choices than all but three other states.
44	79. On 26 November 2010, the Constitutional Court of BiH ruled on a case submitted by the HDZ BiH that a number of provisions of the Mostar City Statute were unconstitutional.
45	7. Top each open bun with equal amounts of the reserved steak slices, then equal amounts of the reserved onion/pepper mix, and then equal amounts of cheese slices.
46	$8 Founded in 1890, this historical drug store still delivers pharmaceuticals, and its throwback lunch counter still offers old-fashioned milkshakes while a blazing fire fills the room with the wintery smell of Virginia trees.
47	9/11 nightmare: Terror alert from US to India on anniversary Osama bin Laden may have been shot dead but the terror legacy he has left behind, continues as US recalls the 9/11 anniversary of al-Qaeda terror attack that left hundreds dead, on Sunday.
48	9. District of Columbia 2014 South Dakota Elections Overview The open Senate seat left by Democrat Tim Johnson's retirement has given South Dakota a high national profile this election cycle.
49	9. If you could have one super power, what would it be? 10. What’s the one thing you haven’t done that you’d love to do? 11. If you could see one concert, what would it be?
50	A 10-hour ceasefire by Russian and Syrian government forces in Aleppo has come to an end, but neither the Syrian rebels nor civilians have shown signs of leaving the opposition-held city.
51	A 2012 analysis by Tufts University says if Romney had split the youth vote 50-50 in Florida, Virginia, Ohio and Pennsylvania he would have flipped those states to his win column.
52	A $30,000 home equity line of credit runs 4.74 percent, and a home equity loan of the same value, 4.47 percent, according to Bankrate.
53	A 32-year-old Lancaster man died Tuesday night after he was shot multiple times outside a home in the Southside community.
54	A 48th-minute strike from Sinclair set them on their way before Griffiths added a second in the 63rd minute with Greg Tansey seeing red for a second bookable foul in the build-up.
55	A 60-year-old Chase man is dead after his motorcycle was struck by a pick-up truck Sunday afternoon on the Squilax-Anglemont Highway.
56	A 6 p.m. fundraiser is planned for Aug. 30 at Lantana in Randolph.
57	A 720m loop track has been carved out on the terrace above Hokitika, paving the way for a working model locomotive line at the Westland Industrial Heritage Park.
58	A7: Yes, I am very excited to have Korean food again!
59	Aab wants to add a similar element of social responsibility to her business as well, with a focus on improving schools and increasing environmental awareness in Mozambique.
60	A: As the spokesperson for the town, I can’t pass up this opportunity to say we have “A Better Way of Life” in Apple Valley!
61	A balance of creative and less common beers with styles and flavors, as well as traditional brews, according to brewers Hickey and Shropshire.
62	Abbas: Settlements are a unilateral step taken by Israel Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said Monday that settlements have, for decades been a unilateral step taken by Israel.
63	Abbott has always been more or less risible, where a very large section of the electorate is concerned, but he can also be formidable – even dangerous.
64	Abe visited the New York Stock Exchange and invoked “Wall Street” prince of greed Gordon Gekko to make a point about Japan’s revival — but probably not the one he had intended.
65	A bipartisan effort for reform should apply to fixing the nation's problems.
66	About 13 million residents don’t have access to water and sanitation.
67	About 30 company forms were not published due to significant amounts of incomplete or missing information, particularly 2014 highlights and 2015 plans/outlook, which are the core of the Progress Edition.
68	About 30 to 40 percent of adults say they experience frequent indigestion, and more than 50 million visits are made every year to health care facilities for symptoms related to the digestive system.
69	About 39 percent of that gain came from Hispanics, who as a group traditionally underperform for their numbers at the ballot box.
70	About 80 percent of Northwest Installation's work so far has been what are called "audits" of wireless towers.
71	About how they choose their locations, he says, “Subjectively, we pitch in our ideas.
72	About the initiatives of the Caribbean leaders, the question is how much of that is really discussed?
73	About to say something clever I had planned, I first needed to spit a large chaw of Copenhagen juice out my window.
74	About two dozen students from Centaurus and Broomfield high schools volunteer to help with the event.
75	About two years ago, I visited the Veterans Hospital in the Valley and saw an establishment that made me want to cry.
76	Above all it needs to be of interest to them and you need to keep asking yourself the question, 'Why will this interest the public?', then your chances will be increased of having the media pick up on your story.
77	Above, Main St. owner Vic Marchese with Pfalzer after presenting the prize this afternoon.
78	A brace from fellow forward Chris Bandell, who has switched to Townfield this summer from Warrington Town, completed the Villagers’ tally.
79	Academically, Hart, the daughter of Mark and Brenda Hart of Bryant, related, "I'm thinking about something in Biology but I'm not sure."
80	A cake that contains wine and chocolate and still remains whole wheat, vegan, and free of refined sugar?
81	A car wash located on the 200 Block of Second Street East, Fort Frances was also robbed of an unknown amount of currency taken from a cash box on Saturday evening.
82	Accepted norms and values do not receive conformity.
83	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: * Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 12:48:05 GMT Connection: close Content-Length: 64729 Please fill out the form below to register for or subscribe to the website.
84	Accessed via uPVC double glazed door with decorative lead glass insert and side panel window, wood effect flooring and part glazed door leading into the entrance hall.
85	According CISCO’s Francis Woods, 50 men are being employed at the Baymen worksite and another 50 are being employed at the Newtown Barracks road.
86	Accordingly, all facilities including specialist physicians, medicine and blood have been sent to the hospitals where the injured are receiving treatment.
87	Accordingly, in Idaho, physicians can provide aid in dying.”
88	According to Anderson's remarks, legalizing physician-assisted suicide across the board would be a "grave mistake," because it would "endanger the weak and vulnerable" while complicating and corrupting the practice of medicine and betraying human dignity.
89	According to a press release issued by district officials, the student drove a vehicle to school belonging to a parent and the weapon was in that vehicle.
90	According to a report from the STAR, his representatives said that the lawmaker is backing out of the presidential race due to his diabetes.
91	According to a staff report released last week, the hike is expected to bring in an additional $27 million.
92	According to Azeri Report, Azerbaijani officials are keen to use the European Games to showcase the capital, Baku, and the country at large, just as they did in 2012 when Azerbaijan hosted the Eurovision Song Contest.
93	According to Bingham, students who donate money to Mason are investing in the value of their diploma.
94	According to Congolese national protocol, on the agenda of the visit Thursday is a lunch in honor of President Kagame and his delegation which includes in particular the Rwandan Minister of Foreign Affairs, Louise Mushiyabo.
95	According to Dysart et al fire chief Miles Maughan, 15 firefighters responded to the call on Feb. 14 at 3 p.m. to find the car fully involved and the fire spreading to the building.
96	According to executive director Michelle Hill, the new facility would also enable Empower Me to triple or quadruple the number of children it serves.
97	According to facebook.
98	According to Franch, it was difficult to come up with a plot and characters based around a joke.
99	According to him, evacuation services were on to clear the crashed chopper's rubble, and help the victims.
100	According to information on the town website, the residential tax rate dropped during the years of 2013-2015 before going back up again in 2016.
101	According to Kocharyan, the political process aimed at establishing the ceasefire inspired hope.
102	According to Leghmara, it’s also a calculated attempt at controlling not only the fund’s image, but also, in part, its execution.
103	According to Nordhaus "it is difficult to see how a successful occupation of Iraq could be less than five years, and it might easily extend for two decades.
104	According to officials, the fire started in the engine of the truck Saturday evening on the 600 block of Spring Mill Road in Bryn Mawr while the truck was returning to the station.
105	According to one economic report released in April, employers begin to complain of labor shortages when employment drops to 5%.
106	According to Paskal, by the county enacting this law, they allegedly have the power on their own to increase tax to whoever, whenever to balance their budget.
107	According to Richard Brown, District 4 commissioner and director of parks and campgrounds, “Last year, we were $20,000 to the good at the end of the season, even with the cost of utilities, maintenance, labor, and site improvements.
108	According to sources, the blast occurred on Sunday night in Khost city in a crowded road near the Chapman Camp, which houses the NATO-led Resolute Support Mission forces, Xinhua news agency reported.
109	According to sources, the workers ate chicken liver with eggs, and later suffered stomach pains and vomiting.
110	According to statistics provided by Achievement First, 98 percent of the city’s 1,910 Achievement First students are black or Latino.
111	According to Steinberg, who received word of the state’s approval at noon today, the state’s commitment had been bolstered by the town’s pledge of $1.1 million toward the project, with the remainder coming from grants and private donations.
112	According to that obviously liberal organization, the Boston Tea Party Historical Society, one solution was to bail out the corporation by offering it a government loan.
113	According to the Chess Federation of Armenia, at the tournament held in Saint Louis, Sevian scored 6 points out of 9 and was only half a point behind the champion - IM Daniel Naroditsky.
114	According to the City of Salmon Arm’s chief administrative officer Carl Bannister, the issue of the tennis court loan was moved to a special council meeting due to the anticipated length of the discussion.
115	According to the news release, it was in regards to under licensing the software programs.
116	According to the settlement agreement, the building deficiencies had impacted the Minisapoy Café’s section of the building, which they had leased from the city.
117	According to the Sexual Assault Services of Saskatchewan (SASS) website, one of every 17 Canadian women is raped at some point in her life with girls and young women between the ages of 15 and 24 being the most likely victims.
118	According to the statement of facts, on Jan. 15, 2016, Elhassan picked up Farrokh at his home in Woodbridge and drove him to a location approximately one mile from the Richmond airport.
119	According to various statistics, Arab communities are believed to have the largest rates of illiteracy in the world.
120	According to World Health Organisation in Laos, as of 12 August, there were 2,719 cases of dengue with nine deaths reported in Laos this year.
121	Accumulating pension funds are the subject of a pensions levy for the past four years and that levy will again apply in 2015 at a rate of 0.15%.
122	AccuWeather will continue to provide updates on the weekend storm potential, including the chance of snow, any wind and coastal flooding concerns.
123	A celebration of life will be held in his honor at 1 p.m. on Sunday, Nov. 4 at the Oakdale FES Hall, 190 N. Lee Ave., Oakdale.
124	A ceremony will be held for the new scholarship recipients at 10 a.m. on Thursday, August 14, at the Best Western Belize Biltmore Plaza.
125	A citizen asked if city administrators had done an Internet comparison to see if they could get a better deal.
126	Ackbar has been a cult favorite of Star Wars fans since he debuted in the 1983 film and his most notable quote from the film is, “It’s a trap!”
127	Aclan said that as investigative reporter she brought the case separately to then President Aquino and Purisima, but both did nothing to compel Shell to settle the back accounts which now total more than P100 billion, including interests and surcharges.
128	A close friend of mine was incarcerated 33 hours over and above the court ordered 15 hours and described the conditions as being deplorable with inmates sleeping on the concrete floor and having to beg the guards to take a restroom break.
129	A commonly used ingredient in nail polish remover is butyl acetate, which is also found in nail polishes.
130	A complete fire ban continues on all brush burning, open air burning on farms, and incinerator burning.
131	A comprehensive analysis of the market scenario in terms of applications, products and geography, identifies the prevailing opportunities in the world solid state transformers market.
132	A continental breakfast basket, along with a fruit, cheese and sausage platter, also is provided.
133	A couple of days later, she is lying in bed after school, staring at the ceiling, when her mother appears by her side.
134	A couple of months ago, I found a friend from 30 years ago on Facebook and, just Monday, I joined an alumni group from the junior/senior high school I attended at Subic Bay Naval Base in the Philippines.
135	A couple of pieces from the spring 2011 trend will keep many up to date.
136	A couple of top-10 finishes are certainly nothing to sneeze at, but the feeling is different this time around.
137	A court heard how they targeted pizza deliveries, taxi drivers and then a late-night market.
138	A crew of nine Emergency Medical Technicians (EMT) and one medical first responder provide service to all of the residents, employees, and visitors that could require medical attention.
139	Action film maker Jackie Chan is a favourite, but Ms Banks says she isn’t into putting fight scenes in her own films.
140	Action Monday night in the State Senate that establishes three congressional seats in Hays County may speed up enactment of the redistricting of our four commissioners’ precincts.
141	Activity must never be confused with identity.
142	Actually, four tipsters had dropped his name.
143	Actually, the government that is good bedfellows with the media is not yet elected, and we must be on our guard at all times.
144	A curtain flutters in the breeze in a home originally built for the 2011 "Housing Expo" but now occupied by squatters, in Zoranje just outside of Port-au-Prince in Haiti in mid-April.
145	ACV bookings are comprised of annual maintenance and subscriptions, one seventh of the license TCV, and excludes services and subscription renewals.
146	Adams started out in the '90s with the alt-country band Whiskeytown, going solo in 2000.
147	A day didn't go by where an unfortunate wouldn't be sent back from sitting down to lunch or dinner, made to change a "too revealing" blouse or skirt.
148	Adding Ajose to our already talented frontline is exciting for all Town fans, and i'm sure he'll go on to become a key player this season.
149	Adding an old Christmas tree will make a visible hotspot that attracts fish.
150	Additionally, Clark noted, when both the skunk and raccoon were found, they showed signs of being friendly.
151	Additionally, I doubt many people run for office simply becasue they need a job and love politcs.
152	Additionally, Jewell admitted possessing 61 images of child pornography in his e-mail account, and five images of child pornography on his iPhone.
153	Additionally, many meat-eaters point out that just because one abstains from meat doesn't mean he or she will not be subject to food poisoning, as contamination can occur through produce or other food products.
154	Additionally, we’ve supported a very corrupt government, warlords and an abusive military establishment.
155	Additional raised sandstone patio to side.
156	Add kids, cupcakes, juice boxes, a few backyard games and inexpensive party favors — empty juice cans transformed into pencil holders.
157	Addressing the Press and Journal’s campaign against the closures for the first time on a visit to Glasgow, the Conservative minister failed to rule out mothballing the two north bases, leaving the fate of hundreds of jobs in the balance.
158	Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well between additions.
159	Add your business » Electrician in Bradford-on-avon Unit 10a Oppenheimer Centre, Greenbridge Road, Greenbridge Industrial Estate, Swindon, SN3 3LH Electrical Contractor based in Swindon covering South West and surrounding area.
160	A Detective Sergeant with the Danbury Police Department for nearly three decades, Adam was the husband of DPZ’s own Valerie Fernand.
161	A Diller Teen Tikkun Olam Award-winner last summer, Hirschfeld, a sophomore at Columbia University, says he plans to use his $36,000 prize to expand his “Lit!
162	A disagreement is now hate as is challenging one opinions.
163	Adjusting for inflation, the money allocated for FY14 was the lowest level since FY01.
164	Admiral Blair convinced me that he couldn't easily find anyone else with these characteristics, and that I therefore had a duty to the country to volunteer, so I did.
165	Adopted children also have birth parents who love them very much.
166	Adoption inquiries can be made via e-mail to plutorescue@aol.com (Courtesy/Brad Shey) Max is a 3-year-old short hair domestic male cat.
167	Ads in the RoundAbout monthly newspaper can be purchased in any size on a 5 column by 16 inch deep page.
168	Adult elephants consume about 100 to 300 kgs (220 to 660 pounds) of food a day, studies have shown, and officials say their growing numbers are straining the impoverished country's resources and posing a threat to plant life.
169	Adults are ok, but teenagers can be hard sometimes.
170	Adults only laugh 15 to 100 times a day.
171	Advent is a period that enables us to deepen, to interiorize our faith.
172	Advice doesn't get a lot simpler than that.
173	"Advisors in the Office of Academic Advising are knowledgeable about the program and more than willing to work with and meet with students with questions, as they apply to their individualized plans," Bhimani said.
174	Aesthetics inspire you.
175	A few companies add some artistic brilliance to their designs to make the decanter a talking point for any dinner table or bar.
176	A few days after Peterson's death, Ada County Paramedics held an organization-wide meeting to talk about it.
177	A few hours later in the evening, after my errands in the city, I went back to do my shopping, and I did want to eat dates, so I went to the fridge.
178	A few hours later, she will watch the Inaugural Parade as our new President proceeds up Pennsylvania Avenue to the White House.
179	A few nice lake trout weighing up to ten pounds were brought to the dock, with most lakers coming from depths of 40 feet.
180	A few summaries from the Israeli archives examined by Mr. Anziska: “By Sept. 16, the I.D.F. was fully in control of West Beirut, including Sabra and Shatila.
181	A few try to improve speaker output, but this does little to change the sound coming out of a headphone jack.
182	Affordable and low income housing Here’s how to give input on Long Beach’s housing crunch Apartment buildings of the Pike mingle with high-rises in the background.
183	AFL hopes for top level Indigenous umpire in 3-5 years The AFL has acknowledged its umpiring ranks suffer from a lack of diversity.
184	A forced unity of Sudan would be more blessing to those who have their special interest in the united Sudan.
185	A former flour mill on the island of Giudecca, the hotel is magnificent, with its high ceilings, views of the lagoon from the best rooms, a rooftop pool and top-notch restaurants.
186	A former hospital has been listed on the market long after being transformed into a breathtaking manor in the heart of Junee.
187	A four-story amenity complex called the Villa Acqualina — complete with movie theater, bowling alley and ice skating rink — is still on track to open alongside the condos in 2020.
188	A free trip to California wasn’t bad, either.
189	African civil society should be aware that the crisis of governance and democratic practice in Zimbabwe is not an isolated issue – it’s actually a global problem.
190	African thinkers are proving incapable of inventions as they diagnose African problems and prescribe solutions using European terms and lens of thought.
191	A friend called 911, the ambulance rushed him to hospital, and the doctors discovered a subdermal hematoma — bleeding near the brain.
192	A friend of mine defined a hero as someone who faces every day with a commitment to do his personal best.
193	After 10 years, the local dream-pop duo had reached a new peak and its fifth record soared, theatrical and dazzling as ever.
194	After 24 hours, I asked a friend if he could open my car door.
195	After a brief stint with modelling, Deepika started receiving film offers.
196	After a few more numbers, the Sirens invited guest performers the Mental Notes, an a cappella group that performs song parodies, to the stage, where they performed Rob Cantor’s “Shia LaBeouf” as well as parodied songs from the movie Frozen.
197	After a four-hour search, 10-year old Idris Hussein and 11-year old Ahmed Hashi were found in shallow water.
198	After a freeze last year, university officials are stressing that the increase is one of the smallest percentage hikes in 41 years.
199	After a half-century of war, the country has signed a peace agreement with the largest rebel group, the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC).
200	After all, Earth is so unimaginably small in a universe that is unimaginably big.
201	After all, it’s not like CSGV has the NRA’s ear, but Everitt seemed to think otherwise.
202	“After an autopsy, the medical examiner determined the manner of death was a homicide,” said Kyle Evans, public information officer for the Police Department.
203	After another lunch of delicious homemade soups and sandwiches, this time at Rika's Roadhouse, we tried on fur jackets and vests made from authentic Alaskan animals.
204	After a report last year by the University of Indiana concluded providing information alone changed student borrowing habits, M.U. conducted further research.
205	After a shot deflected off of her and toward the middle of the box, redshirt senior goalkeeper Chandler Morris made an unbelievable one-handed save as Oregon's redshirt junior midfielder Maryn Beutler attempted to score off the volley.
206	After a snowy first five days of February when 15.4 inches of snow fell at a weather station 1.1 miles east of the city, the snow shut down for days at a time.
207	After a visit to the potential site on the edge of Camperdown Park, off Liff Road, councillors expressed positive views about its location — in particular the secluded area.
208	After Bluefield scored two runs in the fourth to move ahead 4-1, K-Met third baseman Franklin Correa booted Nash Night’s grounder allowing two more runs to score that turned out to be the difference in the game.
209	After boot camp I was stationed in San Francisco for a short time and then transferred to the Farallon Islands off the San Francisco Bay.
210	After careful consideration, the Reporter recommends a no vote on Sound Transit 3. We do so for two reasons.
211	After committing an armed robbery of a bank in Orléans, he was sentenced to six years in prison and was sent to Fleury-Mérogis.
212	After doing some research and scouring the travel blog-osphere we decided on this beautiful Central American destination.
213	After finishing a close second in the race for three council seats, he looked forward to becoming the next Green mayor of Santa Monica.
214	After forcing the Indians to punt the ball away on their first possession of the game, Fox Lane took over at its own 34-yard line and began moving the chains.
215	After 'fraudulent' deal, county judge says others might handle sheriff's grants.
216	After fulfilling the commitment the Company can enter into a Second Exploration Period (four years) or, apply for an Evaluation Period for 5 years.
217	After giving a visual translation to Dan Brown’s The Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons, Howard is yet again infusing life to his popular Inferno.
218	After graduating with a marketing degree from Bentley College in Boston, one of her projects was starting several fabric businesses that were more related to women and building customized purses and pocket books.
219	After graduating with the highest honors in an elementary school in his hometown, he landed at the then-gangland of Pritil, Tondo, to pursue high school.
220	After Hamas’s electoral victory in January, American Friends of Peace Now, Israel Policy Forum and Brit Tzedek v’Shalom came together in an ad-hoc coalition to shield the Hamas-led Palestinian Authority from Congressional sanctions.
221	After Las Vegas detectives conferred with Ventura County Sheriff’s Investigators, Volpe was held without bail at the Clark County Detention Center in Las Vegas, Nevada on a charge of being a fugitive from another state.
222	After leaving active duty, Buck joined the Air Force Reserves, where she directs operations for the 380 Space Control Squadron.
223	After living at New Hope Village for many years, in 2005 George moved to Regency Park Nursing Home in Carroll, where he had countless friends.
224	After living in the U.S. for 11 years, the Vander Wals are still working on gaining U.S. citizenship.
225	'After my first recital when I was all of 5 years old, I knew I wanted to perform.
226	After obliterating America's air force, they began their overwhelming land offensive.
227	After off-the-record discussions, she even allowed them to record her making damning statements against Kocontes.
228	After only 16-weeks of schooling, the 2016 kindergarten students paid little attention to their onlookers completing their classroom activities with confidence, as well as demonstrating their Smartboard skills.
229	After organizing smaller conferences in the 1960s, Graham saw the need for a larger, more diverse gathering of Christian leaders.
230	After passing screening, patient is placed on recipient list for a kidney.
231	After people think about the project another meeting will be called in the new year.
232	After persuading the gentle gullible birds into letting down their guard, the invaders steal every egg on the island and then set sail for home.
233	After photos and autographs, he will participate in a Q&A at 3:30 p.m. Saturday.
234	After police released information and images of the event, tips from the public helped them identify a suspect, who was arrested in Toronto Aug. 15. William Babineau, 29, of Toronto, is charged with robbery.
235	After Proposition 98 and fulfilling that promise, how much does that leave for higher education?
236	After sandbags were placed around the house and everybody left, DeStefano said she had a feeling it would be the last time she saw her mother.
237	After selecting the best contestants by providing intensive Grooming session will be mentored to the contestants by professionals before the Next Rounds.
238	After several months of discussions and In other actions the court approved the 2014 Tax Appraisal budget.
239	“After she passed away, I figured someone local would step up to do this, but that didn’t happen."
240	'After she was released and changed her name to Mary Brown, she got a job at Sloane Maternity Hospital.
241	After signing with the Oilers, Benik watch four games and played in four and said that experience helped him.
242	After the drone controversy in 2013, the Seattle City Council passed a surveillance ordinance designed to put an end to this cycle.
243	After the fakes are exchanged into the host country's currency, the money is exchanged again into real U.S. dollars.
244	After the fall of Haile Selassie, the US was unwilling to hastily deliver arms to Ethiopia as it felt threatened by the orientation of the popular uprising.
245	After the first Ankara bombing in October 2015, which killed more than 100 and injured more than 400 people, it took President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu four days to visit the scene.
246	After the founder’s death the club fell upon hard times.
247	After the initial development through the 1980s, funding began flowing for the shipyard site in the form of $25 million of federal economic disaster relief after the wood pulp mill in nearby Ward Cove closed in 1997.
248	After the painting of the saw blade was completed, Rudy added three coats of sprayed shellac to protect the imagery.
249	After the Pledge of Allegiance, the Mayor asked for a moment of silence to remember two residents who had passed away recently.
250	After the program, the lights were turned off and the fireworks began.
251	“After the rain delay we came out just a little flat.
252	After the release, the band has been gaining great buzz from touring in support of Allstar Weekend and All Time Low.
253	After the removal of 15 million dollars in funding over the past few years to go to other state agencies, five state parks had to close this past year.
254	After the shooting took place, she said she wished there could have been a conversation with Felix.
255	After the split with Mears, Defoe is reported to be dating Mears fellow model Danielle Lloyd.
256	After this, Transport Canada introduced regulations that restrict a specific area from motor boat traffic.
257	After Tony Rosselli reached base on an error, Thatcher Coleman followed with an one out… Steamers take DH split at Holly Springs HOLLY SPRINGS — The Edenton Steamers began an extended road trip with a doubleheader split at Holly Springs on Thursday night.
258	After trying several tricks, I gave up and called a repairman.
259	After years of growing and selling organic produce in Shawnee, 82-year-old Warren Messinger isn’t slowing down.
260	A further 85 of the older diesel buses will be retrofitted with advanced catalytic converters which significantly reduce pollution outputs.
261	Again, a life changing experience for Jean.
262	Again, I don't know, I wasn't there.
263	Against one of the state’s top teams, Rantoul had a great showing.
264	A global media company in central London are currently recruiting a temporary credit control position Your new company This media company is very successful within the market across the UK.
265	A goal would have been no more than the Socceroos deserved, even at that early stage, but four minutes later they found themselves behind after a lightning Dutch breakaway.
266	A graveside service will be held at 2 p.m. Saturday, May 30, in the North Elba Cemetery, Old Military Road, Lake Placid.
267	A great gift for someone else - or, if you ask Santa nicely - they may just appear under your tree.
268	A great help to me when I started out in newspapers.
269	A group of 200 employees arrived at 5:30 PM at the railroad track segment between Tel Aviv and Hertzlia, and started to take it apart.
270	A handgun was recovered from the vehicle and Dhein was found to be the sole occupant.
271	A Hardin County band will perform Friday at The Historic State Theater in downtown Elizabethtown.
272	A hearing on the motions to dismiss the indictment against Menendez and Melgen is scheduled for Sept. 17 before U.S District Judge William H. Walls in federal court in Newark.
273	Ahmadiyya Caliph says new mosques will be open to people of all religions The spiritual leader of the world’s Ahmadiyya Muslims says the new mosques in Saskatoon and Regina..
274	Ahmeti said the group had contacted him on the day, as the clashes started, but by then it was too late for him to prevent an escalation.
275	A huge – and potentially disruptive – challenge to both wired and wireless phone services is the improving quality and reliability of making calls via the internet.
276	A hugepandal would come up on the football field, very geometric and functional.
277	AIA-DC’s executive director Mary Fitch described how little planning went into the design of the late 19th-century District.
278	A: I don’t think a 0.25 point reduction will have an immediate huge impact, but I think it is the first step in a very good direction.
279	A: I do studio for college football, and the (national) semifinals and national championship.
280	A I have said and written a lot aabout BOKO HARAM.
281	AIPMC President Datuk Zaid Ibrahim said "I would like ASEAN to take one more step, and expel Myanmar from the association."
282	A: "I went down the traditional route of getting an agent who was fantastic and we worked a bit on the book together.
283	AJC Access Atlanta myAJC my account Man arrested after wearing clown outfit at Walmart A man caught wearing a scar clown outfit says he meant no harm.
284	AJC Access Atlanta myAJC my account Parole board denies clemency for man convicted in cop's killing Gregory Lawler was sentenced to death in 2000 for the murder of an Atlanta police officer nearly 20 years ago.
285	Akkeem Foster led Winslow and all scorers with 18 points.
286	Alaina Holm is in charge of the PBJ/peanut butter and jelly drive.
287	Alan and Diane Pinkham are the proud parents of Ashley Pinkham, who received her Bachelor of Science Degree in Biology with a minor in Chemistry on May 22, 2010, from Plymouth State University.
288	Alan Brody, a spokesman for Franchot, said Tuesday that the comptroller had not heard about the school board's move.
289	A landlord might also have to pay for utilities – power, water, sewer, trash collection, cable TV -- especially if the property will be rented by the week to vacationers.
290	A large Metropolitan Transit Service bus yard, a brewery and the Wonderbread building are located nearby.
291	A large share of bank profits goes back into local communities.
292	A lawyer for the Fraser Valley Regional District criticized Kinder Morgan Canada for failing to account for a key pollutant when assessing the health affects of a twinned Trans Mountain Pipeline.
293	Albert Lea runner Autumn Muilenburg beat Pavich for the top individual spot (20:08).
294	Alcohol a factor in early morning accident A 16-year-old girl and an 18-year-old girl suffered head injuries when their vehicle hit a retaining wall on South McLane Road early this morning.
295	AL.com reporters Dennis Pillion and Carol McPhail explain how the multi-billion dollar fines stemming from the Deepwater Horizon oil spill will work.
296	Aldermaston-based company Pump Technology have been the player sponsor for Treviranus for the last couple of seasons.
297	A leader cannot operate in a vacuum, but instead must represent the wishes of the people and work to constantly keep the people informed and abreast to the direction and decision that have been entrusted to that leader.
298	A least one year of full-time police communications experience in operating telephones, radio consoles, and computer terminals to receive, record, and transmit police communications.
299	Alex achieved three A* and five As, Harvey achieved 11 A* and one A grade, while Jacob achieved four A grades.
300	Alexey Gotovskiy/CNA Suffering was Mother Teresa’s companion, her clandestine treasure and her sweet link to Jesus.
301	Alexis died in Los Angeles surrounded by all of her family as they serenaded her with a rendition of David Bowie’s ‘Starman’.
302	Alex Muschong led the Blue Streaks with five blocks and Linzie Hahn had four.
303	Alex Nogales, president of the National Hispanic Media Coalition, which has fought for years to get the networks to diversify, says he's preparing a letter that he will send to the network this week.
304	Alex said Maine could fill that need, as it is the largest barley-producing state in the Northeast, and also is a large producer of small grains like wheat, rye and oats that are used to make malt.
305	Alfred Olango, a 38-year-old Ugandan refugee who friends say came to the U.S. over 20 years ago, was killed following a confrontation with police officers in the middle of the day in a public parking lot along a busy street.
306	Alfred retired from this business in the 80’s and began his second venture, collecting and selling antiques in their home shop, and Brimfield antique flea markets.
307	Ali appeared on the Today show with Gumbel, and the two were personal friends.
308	Alice Cooper coming to Penticton Shock rock pioneer Alice Cooper is coming to the South Okanagan Events Centre.
309	Ali Qureshi (New Mexico), Mr. A. Razzack (Germany), Prof. Warsi (University of California at Berkeley).
310	A little later, another candy maker, Enoch James, began to produce better (he refined the making process), bite-sized pieces of the same candy.
311	A little spring eight-months was sold at Producers of Del Rio at 49 to 51½ cents.
312	A little thin skinned, Hook moderator?
313	All ambulatory services are smartly designed to ensure quick access to interventional services.
314	All apps are subject to final review by the company before they can go live to ensure compliance with its platform policy.
315	All are great for cutting and attract butterflies.
316	All candidates agreed that Paulden should be the site of the next school built in the district with Romeny adding, "We may need to start looking at another high school as well."
317	All claims should be presented to said Guardian care of his Attorney of Record: Robert M. Brownrigg, Attorney at Law, 1405 Belle Place, Fort Worth, Texas 76107.
318	All documents are delivered to clients in their original local languages, or can be translated into any other language on special request.
319	Allegations made by people in other counties can only be handled by prosecutors in those jurisdictions.
320	All evidence is to the contrary, according to her family and many U.S. officials and private hostage negotiators familiar with details of her case.
321	All grandparents attending are also entered for a prize.
322	All her life, Strom has been a photographer, but it wasn’t until 2000 when she became professional, she said.
323	All human beings are created by God.
324	"Allie is an awesome player," Makaric said.
325	Alligator Energy chairman John Main is doing his best to change all of that with the company unveiling some “game-changing’’ technology to sniff out large uranium deposits under cover.
326	Allman Brothers lived and breathed in the ’Deep South’, their treatment of the musical legacy is more authentic, more clearly associated with its soil.
327	All Nigerians including our President know that to be false, but are probably too scared to rock the boat by telling the truth.
328	All of her “peculiar” children have superhuman powers – among them the gifts of flight, re-animation, and pyrokinesis – and are in hiding from hideous blind creatures called Hollows who have blades for arms and tentacles in their throats.
329	• All of our electric, cable, phone and equipment will be underground and concealed and will not be a hazard for animals.
330	All of the cues and directions have been set up beforehand, but nothing happens without Peters.
331	All of the current student centres – the URPride Centre, the Womens’ Centre, the Carillon, EWB, WUSC – all of them face losing their funding year after year.
332	“All of them have strong programs in Latin American art, public art, and mural art,” says Dosch.
333	All of the overhead wires?
334	All of the places she had visited were designated on the map, from the Arctic Circle to Antarctica and many points in between.
335	All people were asking during two lengthy meetings was to return..
336	All proceeds from ROCK THE MISSION will go to support St. Paul’s Youth Mission Trip to serve the people of Tennessee’s Cumberland Mountains through Mountain T.O.P. (Tennessee Outreach Project).
337	All-Region award winners from Mingus announced With graduation just around the corner, spring athletics at Mingus Union High School have come to a close but there were a few individuals nominated for All-State and All-Region awards that need recognition.
338	“All seniors always want to go out on a win.”
339	All skill levels are welcome to join the clubs.
340	"All supply constraints have been sorted.
341	All That Man Is, by David Szalay Shortlisted for the Man Booker prize, this collection of stories portrays a variety of men as they grapple with different stages of life and with the physical and emotional terrain of an increasingly globalized Europe.
342	All that, plus it is Hawaii.
343	“…All the noise and equipment they use does scare the fish away but we can’t do anything about it.
344	All these characters visit Dino-Land for an adventure which makes this movie more attractive than its previous ones.
345	All these new businesses went after the main-street property and installed a drive-through window for everything from dry cleaning to veggie wraps.
346	All these territories are clearly marked as a warning.
347	All the teams at this tournament are good; you just have to take your chances when you have them.
348	"All they can manage is a little conflict, and they will lose.
349	All they wanted was the provision of a matching name and address for verification in the electoral roll.
350	All this and you’ve never seen them live?
351	All this is to say: there’s nothing like live music, though it’s easy to forget about how awesome it is in our media saturated (half) lives.
352	All three defendants, who had appealed for a lenient sentence, changed their appeals at this trial and said they pleaded not guilty.
353	All vehicles illegally parked on a snow emergency route that hasn't been touched yet will be towed at the owner's expense.
354	All village amenities are within easy reach of the property, including train station with direct route to Glasgow, schools, local independent shops and supermarket.
355	All white people benefit from white privilege, whether we want to or not.
356	All women are invited to participate and cheer on the girls as they take part in their first 5K at the event.
357	All yard sale items must be received in advance so they can be displayed properly.
358	All you have to do your make-up dark and gothic, snap a pic and donate what you can by texting SOPH05£(your amount) to 70070.
359	Almost 1 million people travel to London by train every weekday - and commuters are used to hearing a wide array of excuses for the frequent delays.
360	“Almost 50 per cent of Lake Victoria has been taken over.
361	Almost unstoppable inside, the 6-foot junior forward averaged 17.0 points, 11.4 rebounds, 2.5 assists and 1.5 steals, helping the Braves win the third-place trophy at state.
362	"Al-Najdi was taken to the hospital and pronounced dead on arrival.
363	Along the way you will find lots of bass holes just begging for some topwater action.
364	Along with a long list of imported wines, beers and liquors, Bambino's specializes in Italian food.
365	” Along with having different builds, the offenses that the Will and the Indians run now contrasts a lot from the one Marty led three decades ago.
366	Along with other friends, the duo are putting together a lemonade stand and bake sale Saturday at Wal-Mart.
367	Along with photographer Brace Hemmelgarn, they make a good team.
368	A lot of bias in India can be dissipated, if we get this message across to our kids.
369	"A lot of guys would love to see this race continue and have an opportunity to race to the Chase," said Earnhardt.
370	A lot of them you can get in a six-month or a nine-month training package.
371	A lot of things are happening fast out there but I think he has handled himself well.
372	A love-filled life is full of small but deliberate acts that habitually put one's spouse first in one's life.
373	A low-income individual or family can apply to buy a foreclosed home with a standard mortgage and may qualify for a forgivable grant of up to $30,000.
374	A low risk exists for well users in the area.
375	Alrai, in Cephei, will be become the northern celestial pole around 3000 AD.
376	Already, certain buildings on the grounds of the federal landmark employ solar power, courtesy of the National Park Service and President George W. Bush.
377	Also absent from the airwaves earlier this year were images of hardliners who packed the funeral of executed assassin Mumtaz Qadri, hailing him a hero for killing a governor who advocated reforming Pakistan’s draconian blasphemy laws.
378	Also arriving: The CW series “The 100: Season 3” and, for kids, the Netflix original shows “World of Winx: Season 1,” “Danger Mouse: Season 2,” “Beat Bugs: Season 2” and “All Hail King Julien: Season 4.” Unlimited Digital Access.
379	Also closed are Montana 16 from Sidney to 18 miles northwest of Sidney; Montana 16 from Froid to Plentywood; Montana Seven from Ekalaka to Wibaux, and Highway 323 from Ekalaka to a point 24 miles south.
380	Also, consider tipping parking, coat check, and powder room attendants ahead of time, too, and instruct them to refuse tips from guests: “Thanks, I’m already covered.”
381	Also: Eagle baseball sends Bulldogs packing Another week has gone by and nothing has changed at the top of the Sun Belt men’s basketball standings.
382	Also, I hope Romney gets elected so you get to pay more taxes.
383	Also included, is a provision requiring a Crowder faculty representative to serve on SMSU's teacher education governing body, the Professional Educational Unit.
384	Also in Next Eats, Disney chefs have partnered with The Chew for the Chew Lab, a food-science-meets-culinary-tech experience showcasing curious fare like Liquid Nitro Chocolate Almond Truffle with Warm Whiskey Caramel.
385	Also in stock: Italian Cosi Tabellini pewter, "which is food safe."
386	Also, I relied on configurations on some Beechjets listed for sale on the web for seating capacity of that plane.
387	Also killed was Paul Gilkey's son, Leroy Gilkey, 38, of Columbus.
388	Also, more often than not, the fingers of devout Beatles fans begin to point accusingly in different directions, each seeking the "real" reason that the Beatles broke up in the first place.
389	Also, more than 10 million of those prescriptions are handed out to children for no clear reason.
390	Also, much of the dialogue and much of what’s seen on the screen probably didn’t happen.
391	Also on the agenda is a discussion of how the government and tech companies can “help others to create, publish, and amplify alternative content that would undercut” the Islamic State.
392	Also survived by her step son and daughter, Gordon and Janice. 6 grandchildren and 3 great-grandchildren, with one on the way.
393	Also, the square footage of the housing will include many three- and four-bedroom units from 1,100 to 1,369 square feet.
394	Also, tickets are sometimes returned to the Music Center box office the night before the concert.
395	Also troubling is that big-box retailers, the main customers of Newell and Jarden, have been posting lackluster results, Meyer said.
396	Also, watch for an exhibit on the Exposition at the Oregon Historical Society next year.
397	Alternatively, you can email us or call us on (03) 8623 9900 History of start up bros' meninist thinking The Brisbane start up bros who want to work without any women around have connections to pick up artist culture.
398	Although 2011-12 saw a 14.4 percent drop in state aid from $11.4 million in 2010-11 to $9.8 million, state appropriations have recently been on the mend, as they grew to $10.1 million in 2012-13, and to $10.4 million this year.
399	Although a few swans had wintered in this area previously, DNR Conservation Officer Brian Mies said this year, he counted up to 48 swans using the channel.
400	Although BC has won three of their last four games, they lost a crucial one to a struggling West L.A. team (6-27, 2-16 WSC South) 12-4 on April 16 after defeating them just two days before, 9-5.
401	Although Godfrey-Hill provided the numbers for two cellphones he used at the time, police concluded those numbers were inaccurate.
402	Although ironically Angula was not on good terms with the Swapo Youth League at the time, his suggestion that younger leaders could take over would be welcomed among their ranks.
403	Although Otter Point has an estimated population of almost 2,000, it does not have a locally elected government that makes decisions about its land use planning.
404	Although our Federal and State governments have some great programs and benefits for veterans, they are, at times, jealously guarded by bureaucracy and law.
405	Although Santino Fontana, as Algernon Moncrieff, sails through the play with a perpetual smirk on his face, his performance dutifully reflects the character’s constant state of well-mannered self-satisfaction.
406	Although such a finding confirms that bed bugs had been present previously, it does not confirm that any continue to infest the residence.
407	Although the bank grants credit at its discretion, ultimately you decide how much credit you are willing to accept, according to your appetite for credit and risk.
408	Although the event is a bit far at the town of Oyster Bay Golf Course in Woodbury, people are encouraged to come celebrate, honor and support those affected by lung cancer.
409	Although the Gator girls gave it a good try, the Red Devil ladies outperformed their cross-town rivals by a large margin.
410	Although the other police chiefs have not committed to implementing the review board for promotions within their own departments, Sharp sees this as an opportunity for Patton Village to be an example for other departments in the area.
411	Although the programs are beneficial to a lot of people in need, it sometimes can create a dependency for them, and people begin to lean on them, instead of using them when they are truly in need.
412	Although the push to privatize Colorado’s public lands is not a popular position among the state’s residents, Sens.
413	Although they’d been through the U.S. for a summer tour … New acoustic singer/songwriter, Hemming, has broken through the barrier between basement band and sensational songstress.
414	Although used for personal dominance and not team victory, bullies use much the same approach.
415	Although winter weather hasn’t arrived, the holiday season can be seen and felt at the Christmas Tree Walk hosted by First Baptist Church at The Beacon in Waterloo, 718 North Market Street, this Friday through Monday.
416	A luncheon was held on July 30 at the Hess Club to commemorate the occasion.
417	Always looking to reduce property taxes while maintaining excellent county services for the taxpayers.
418	Always pack your backpack with the heaviest items closest to your back.
419	Alyssa also wanted to thank all her sponsors leading up to the national competition.
420	Alzheimer’s disease, dementia screenings slated Thursday Free memory screenings for those experiencing early signs of Alzheimer’s disease or dementia will take place from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Thursday at The Episcopal Church of Bethesda-by-the-Sea.
421	Amanda Off, who graduated from Unadilla Valley high school in 2013, now finds herself continuing her success on the basketball court and in the classroom at Alfred University.
422	A man who had gone to the house to ask that a car be moved from his brother’s driveway told the newspaper there were more than 100 people in the house and yard and that a DJ was playing music.
423	A marine engineer by profession, he was highly qualified to serve on a team of experts who traveled to Haiti after its devastating January earthquake to study the damages it had caused to harbor structures at Port-au-Prince.
424	A May 26, 2012, wedding is planned at St. Paul the Apostle Church in Calumet.
425	Amazon squashes Trump trolls' attacks on Megyn Kelly book Some of the one-star reviews poked fun at Trump and his victory despite losing the popular vote, saying they were stuck with the ornament even though they didn't choose it.
426	"Ambiguity makes it hard to prosecute."
427	A member of the Franco-American Post, he enjoyed sharing good times, fun and laughs with the Anvets membership.
428	A memorial celebration will be held at The Sportsman’s Club on January 9th, 1pm – 6pm.
429	A memorial service was held at 3 p.m. on Saturday, March 1, 2014, at the House of Prayer in Wewoka, with Rev. Johnny Chesser officiating.
430	A memorial service will be held at The Church in Aurora on Sunday, November 15, 2015 at 12:30 PM.
431	Americans are not in the business of letting our foreign policy get dictated to us by savages.
432	Americans have been so thoroughly brainwashed by the two-party system of Tweedledum-Tweedledee politics that they have lost sight of what might be good for the people as a society: the well-being of the commons.
433	America’s Double Standards in Dealing with Child Soldiers (SMC): There is a worrisome increase in the use of child soldiers in armed conflict in South Sudan, and the increased focus on the issue in the western media.
434	America’s military is doing just fine as a volunteer force.
435	America, which politically and militarily supports Israel and shields it blindly in international forums is equally responsible for the disabled Shaikh’s cold-blooded murder.
436	AmeriCorps, will host two five-week creative writing workshops at the Frostburg Public Library.
437	Am I doomed to solo sex forever?
438	Amid the closures, Fresh & Easy spokespeople remained adamant that their plans to open shop in Claremont was still “a go.”
439	“A Mighty Fortress Is Our Basement” runs through Nov. 27 at the Fallon House in Columbia.
440	A minimum basic fee could be provided to the central government- what is called reverse revenue sharing, e.g., 10 per cent.
441	Amiri Baraka stood only 5’7”, but he left such huge footprints to step in. We just need to read the many instruction manuals he’s penned down through the ages, we’ll have more than enough training and information to go forward to empowerment.
442	A MISSING teen, a murder investigation and then an arrest.
443	Amitabh said: "I'm in talks with him for 'Sarkar 3', we'll be sitting on the script and it's possible that he'll start it soon."
444	Among his primary changes was introducing a little league team sponsored by MMCC.
445	Among his survivors is a son, Alphonza Kornegay of Goldsboro.
446	Among many other things, the conference will also feature five or more workshops and 10 or more poster presentation There will be a Pre-Conference Symposia April 4 from 10 a.m. – 8 p.m. at the Anchorage Museum.
447	Among other things, it would be another benchmark in Jones’ brick-by-brick rebuilding of UT football.
448	Among the appropriations discussed at the meeting was the Club Budgets for the 2009-2010 year.
449	Among the inhibiting factors, the student said, were the nonrefundable $160 fee for a visa application and a lengthy application process for Israelis in the sciences.
450	Among the many adventures are the seven years he spent trapping wolves for research purposes in Minnesota.
451	Among them, Tavenner told the site, was general increases in medical costs, as well as boosts in the prices of prescription drugs.
452	Among the priorities for collaboration between VUMC and Jennie Stuart are cardiovascular and cardiology services, cancer services, walk-in clinics and telemedicine.
453	Among the Tacoma Fresh employees is Mariah Aspuria.
454	A muslim man came in and asked if I could recommend a good port.
455	Amway Coaches Poll stock watch: Michigan moves to No. 2; Ohio State tumbles But at the end of the day, what’s the case Strong can make right now to stay for another season?
456	Ana Burch added eight and Nailah Davis scored seven with six rebounds to pace Stanislaus.
457	An accountant from now-defunct accounting firm Sherb & Co audited the company’s reports in the year after the acquisition and failed to thoroughly investigate the financial statements, according to the cease-and-desist order.
458	An active member of professional organizations, Staten serves on the board of the National Association of Minority Automobile Dealers and Student Mentor Partners, which offers disadvantaged youth the opportunity to realize their career goals.
459	“An added bonus for us is the number of Alaskan riders featured in the film, including Lucas Merli of Juneau and Ryland Bell from Elfin Cove and Fairbanks.
460	An additional benefit of this project is to centralize as many county services into one area as possible, the board members agreed.
461	An ad on TV features an insurance company distinguishing itself as not only assigning a number to the policy holder but also knowing the story of the individual and holding her dream in trust.
462	An affidavit says Schell's son, Roman, was hurt after a sack containing "several improvised explosive devices" blew up in his lap.
463	Analysis by the liberal think-tank Centre Forum has shown that an increase in the personal allowance would benefit households higher up the income distribution (the 6-9th decile benefit most) far more than it would the poorest third of households.
464	Analysts and industry executives say questions are growing over the future of at least the civil version of the Super Puma, which makes up 80 percent of the total, but Airbus says it has no plans to abandon the 18-year-old program.
465	Analysts polled by Reuters had expected a $25 billion surplus for last month.
466	Analysts say her anger is genuine, though also politically profitable, for Rousseff faces a competitive re-election campaign next year.
467	An annual fee is not charged.
468	An ARM can be an excellent choice if the homeowner who is planning on owning a home for ten years or less.
469	An art display featuring an image of a Ku Klux Klan member is raising concern for some W. Frank Steely Library visitors.
470	A Native American spirit of peace stands between them; his open palms steady their hostility with calming reassurance.
471	An attorney for the Wild Fish Conservancy says that will give the sides more time to work out a settlement or for a judge to decide the merits of the case.
472	An audio DJ for celebrations that are small might just deal with examples and equipment of his function.
473	An awkward silence followed before the moderator announced they were moving on to the next question.
474	And Acting Commissioner of Police Tyrone Griffith says while there were nine domestic violence homicides in 2013 and three in 2014, there are none so far this year.
475	And after a 2-1 victory against St. Viator April 16 during the Pepsico Showdown at Olympic Park in Schaumburg, the Lincoln-Way East stalwart can now say something else.
476	And along the Ship Channel are refineries and chemical plants that make up the nation’s largest refining and petrochemical complex.
477	And although I know it’s naïve to think so, I sometimes like to imagine that our group is reflective of how Christians normally operate.
478	And as a result of practicing that way of seeing for 87 years, Veronica developed a resemblance to God.
479	And, as dusk descends on the 1859 Gothic Revival style front addition, the light is often truly golden, as captured in this photograph.
480	And at fourth doubles, Ward Urban and Hunter Baldwin made a great pair, winning 6-3, 6-4.
481	And at least some of us are the people who do it.
482	And at the end of the day, we’re doing this for business reasons.
483	And Bali due to its spiritual depth and richness.
484	“And by 4:30, we had a group of folks walk through the door,” he said.
485	And despite AN ENTIRE WEEK of rehearsal, she offers nothing new, at all.
486	And don’t allot a lot of time to these tasks.
487	“And don’t forget, you pay the house off in half the time,” he added.
488	And Doug, even tho Mayor Burt is being termed out as mayor and councilman, (one in which he has served our community with distinction for years), we have several capable CC members that can fill that breach very well.
489	"(Anderson) being able to play the way he did under those circumstances, you have to give him so much credit.
490	And every day there was something to see - the birds and butterflies and wallabies, snakes, goannas and more on the land, or the rays and sharks and dugong and fish and winter whales either close inshore or well out in the bay.
491	And faculty members at the Cookeville Higher Education Campus have been pleased with the results so far since a pilot program involving Van Wagoner kicked off in the fall 2014.
492	And films obviously aren’t new to the idea of sequels/follow-ups either.
493	And, for the first time since Roe, the Court blesses a prohibition with no exception safeguarding a woman’s health.
494	And for them, it was good.
495	And for the moment at least, this was foreign enough even for Sietsema.
496	And Georgia is reaping the benefits of that also.
497	And having worked with such young men and women, I can assure people these young people do not want to emulate the yakuza or any other such nonsense.
498	And he grew up always wanting to help others.
499	And helping him do this is software created by MBF Bioscience in Williston.
500	' And he said Mr. Reagan had been responsible ''for a fairly pronounced slowing'' in the growth of social benefit programs.
501	And he said that St George’s had also lost the economic lifeline of cruise ships, while Dockyard had expanded to cope with larger ships.
502	And he stressed that Rivera- Soto, whose appointment is subject to confirmation by the state Senate, is highly qualified by any standard.
503	And hot damn does she look good!
504	Andhra Pradesh has integrated these functions under the AP Industrial Infrastructure Corporation Ltd, while Gujarat has a less efficient structure with an infrastructure board and a number of SPVs with sectoral departments instead of a single window."
505	And, Humanity is expected to tolerate these rogues and work for their survival!
506	And I am hoping that you know at the Tianjin Juilliard School, we will have these values and we will have these programs actually functioning.
507	And I don’t think there was any real explanation for sending me home.
508	And if he does will it be for love, or for her arrest?
509	And if nobody hates you, you are doing something wrong.”
510	“And if you don’t apply that discipline, your cost structure can get out of hand pretty quickly.”
511	And if you have talented legs, kickers are in demand.
512	… And if you’re both beginners, you can share that learning experience together.”
513	And I’m going with Carol because Phyllis Nagy's screenplay is just so damned beautiful.
514	And in a case like Winnenden, they are failing an entire city, and an entire country.
515	And in my first week, I did exactly that!
516	And in some cases these cough and cold medicines are potentially harmful.
517	And I suspect the vast majority of the local population -- black and white, if that matters -- has no idea that that is the model -- the socialist one -- that he's bringing to City Hall.
518	And it has to be said that he's endowed with many qualities that give him a decided advantage over many of his rivals.
519	"And I think it was for all the right reasons.
520	And it’s all going into the show.
521	And it’s already being done anyway.
522	And it’s been hard and it’s been painful.
523	And it’s clear, during the curtain call, that this is deep internal work for Michel.
524	“And it seems to me somewhat ironic that we would be turning around a year later -- less than a year later -- and potentially passing a piece of legislation that would legalize suicide.”
525	And it stands firmly on the side of the Okies.
526	And it stars two of the industry’s most prominent online news..
527	And it wasn't just the schedule that was exhausting - the work itself was as well.
528	“And I was like, yeah!”
529	And later he came there but Mr. Islamuddin boycotts the event with his entire administration and later on tells me that he regretted the grant given by UC Nazim.
530	“And make sure to get your customers to believe in you.”
531	And Mayor Bloomberg threatened the exact same thing, grade senators on their anti gun stance.
532	And modern monoculture farming—especially on the huge scale that we see now throughout the world—disrupts these fungal networks and the healthy plant life that they help cultivate.
533	And my brother knew someone who could make rings out of them.
534	And New York Knicks star forward Carmelo Anthony’s foundation, which had backed a recreational facility proposed for the redeveloped armory site, pulled out of the deal in the face of pressure from community groups.
535	And no doubt, President Obama will sit down with either candidate (and Europe will follow suit) given the realization that stability in the Middle East is predicated upon Iranian participation.
536	And now Djokovic awaits him.
537	And now I feel as ancient as the people I met when I started out, the tribe that itself started out in the 1940s and 1950s, when newspapers were king and the work that reporters did was the stuff of movies.
538	And now it appears Baja could lose its remaining 10% stake in the mine, which went into production in early 2015, 18 months behind schedule.
539	And now they call Portland home.
540	And of course, the challenge goes way beyond the White House.
541	And opinions from the attorney general’s office are still on the way for two state senators with different legal questions.
542	And other popular songs were “toomalay” and “Ten cents a bottle.”
543	And our only other potential audience seemed equally demoralizing: People who have thought about doing their own podcast, but just haven’t been able to screw up the courage to pull the trigger.
544	And people seem surprised by that, but I realized, almost from the start, that our story – everyone loves someone.
545	And people were reading about a faraway place called Vietnam in the newspapers.
546	And remember folks, the rich figure they can squeeze us for $350 million for downtown.
547	Andrew B. Ayers is a retired businessman and Grayson County resident Monday, January 17, 2011 at 7:00 am (Updated: January 17, 7:58 am) If you subscribe to the newspaper, you receive FREE access to all the exclusive content of the web site!
548	Andrew read the letter to me Monday as mom was driving him to basketball camp: “I think there should be a law saying that officers must have a true and good reason to shoot someone.
549	And, sadly, like phantom polar bears on phantom ice floes, warmists are drifting, reality-wise, farther and farther out to sea.
550	And say, oh, there’s not going to be any hope for them, right?
551	And SB682 would allow the Office of Hawaiian Affairs to develop residences in Kakaako makai (which OHA acquired this year via SB2783).
552	And she gets mad at me.
553	And she has a message for young aspiring dancers in Altoona and anywhere: “Nothing worth achieving comes easy.
554	And so I did, and this allowed me to reconnect with him while working on projects together.
555	And sometimes You give us what we need but we have to wait for it for awhile.
556	And so people don't recognize the level of that disparity, but obviously Trump is going to make it worse.
557	" And so workers have laid down plywood so they can get from the building site to their trucks on the street, and raised up electrical to keep that out of the water.
558	And, that day is the day after, none other than this Friday.
559	And that means less flooding.
560	And that means we need to find some energy now to ensure that our businesses and our economy are well positioned to take advantage of the upturn, whenever it comes.
561	And that’s one of the things that makes the vampire case so interesting in terms of an example of cooperation in nature.
562	And that's what LeBron is trying to do in Miami.
563	And that's why we have the runways that are aligned with the winds," he said.
564	And the chains are growing; the number of Buffalo Wild Wings locations has tripled from 370 in 2005 to 1,136 by the end of 2015.
565	And the fact that the opponent had defeated them on all but two occasions over the past 18 seasons.
566	And their act does not stop at fancy footwork – the pair can hold a tune as well.
567	And the label shows that it’s from one of the chain of 99 Ranch Market stores, none of which is located in Austin.
568	And the lunch menu from beef and bugs, or Barra skipper feast, the best thing for those who forgot to plan ahead is just like the venue "no bookings needed".
569	And the makers of ‘Zindagi 50-50’ starring Pakistani starlet Veena Malik and Rajan Verma, aren’t any different.
570	And then a guy named Scott Dixon won.
571	And the Network of the Zambian People living with HIV/AIDS (NZP+) has described the reduction in new infections as remarkable.
572	And there are not enough such crossing places in busy areas of town.
573	And there cannot be real peace without justice.
574	And therein lies her voice – not just murderously funny, but relatable.
575	And there's Nixon of Watergate, who had infamously resigned in disgrace.
576	And the sunsets are always the most beautiful.
577	And they certainly implied that they were hardcore, revisit-all-the-trade-deals Democrats.
578	And they have been torn up by the Sri Lankan government due to pressure either by the Sinhala opposition or by influential forces such as the Buddhist clergy.
579	And they’ll soon be sending more.
580	And they Skype to discuss service projects and fundraisers.
581	And this becomes a vicious cycle because it does not only affect the young couple but, as Ms Greening hints, also their children whose chances to attend school equally become bleak.
582	And this race toward competitiveness has displaced Europe from leading positions in production of items that up and until ten years ago were deemed quintessentially European.
583	And through her journey, Isabel's taken a new appreciation for butterflies, using them as a source of encouragement.
584	And to date the only reason Mr. Littwin has given for supporting Mrs. Clinton is, well, she’s not Donald Trump.
585	And voters will have good reason to view future efforts to raise open-space funds with more skepticism.
586	And we are all responsible for repairing our broken politics so this can’t happen again.
587	And we have to have enhanced border security.
588	“And we have told that to the Georgians, and I am confident that the Russian Government has told that to the people of South Ossetia and Abkhazia,” she told an audience at the Moscow State University.
589	“And we know what we do with Progress candidates,” she added cryptically.
590	And we'll hear about a new book designed to help with early literacy.
591	And we mean to go on doing just that.
592	And what about Bush?
593	And what did he learn from his own presidency?
594	And what does it mean when you say banks are charged, but all the people go free?
595	And what impression does this incessant volte-face in this murder probe create about the Nigeria police?
596	And what’s funny is most people do this type of thing when they retire.
597	And when I had a rough day, when I came up empty at idea meetings, when the I-85 gridlock was too much, when an innocent comment from my editor sent me into a full-blown crisis of confidence, there was really no one to turn to.
598	And when it’s done, there is none other like it anywhere.
599	And, when major league baseball player Ozzie Smith, was inducted into the Hall of Fame, it was this man he thanked.
600	“And when Nick Jacobs won his 195 final, I knew that clinched it because (Bosco) didn’t have anyone left after that.”
601	And when we look at the situation, we feel it might be important for Myanmar to continue growing its GDP.
602	And when your picture goes viral, you’d better be even more on your game.
603	And whether or not their actions were what the moment called for, they still had the conscience and integrity to regret those actions.
604	And while it's important to build a strong core, it's unwise to aim all your efforts at developing rippling abs.
605	And while we're at it, let's make sure that the soon-to-be-ex city manager's partner in lies and deception, Ms. Seymour, is shown the door as well!
606	And why did one moustache disappear from Germany’s streets after World War II?
607	And why do you choose, finally, NOW, to speak to this?
608	And with digital maps a user can see and use as much or as little detail as they need.
609	And with term limits, it seems there is a constant search for people to participate.
610	And yet, far from the communist bogeyman the U.S. tried so desperately to conquer, Vietnam has moved much closer to the West since the Fall of Saigon.
611	And yet others believe that the plan will put Central America further in debt to international bankers for generations yet to come.
612	An editorial group was set up.
613	A new program through the nonprofit group Dakota Resources called Home Address has recently chosen Mobridge to address the community housing needs and help develop new strategies in an 18-month long program.
614	A new study will help the county identify which businesses fit best in the local economy, and which the economy can support long-term.
615	A new tour beginning this month, in support of The Perfect Crime, will wind on through to December, concluding at the venue formerly known as the Sydney Entertainment Centre (now the Qantas Credit Union Arena).
616	An Extension Agent is a mix between a teacher and a county agricultural agent.
617	Angry farmers gathered at the headgate and broke it open.
618	Angry Pitbull Aug 10, 2016 10:16am Angry Pitbull Aug 10, 2016 10:21am @sana-1 Please reads indian news also there are thousands of projects like CPEC is going on India.
619	An illustrated edition of the second book, Chamber of Secrets, is due out this fall.
620	An impressive all-round display from David Seers wasn’t enough to get Chelmsford Hotel across the line against Windsor Castle at King Park 4 on Saturday.
621	An indispensable aspect of mass movements is hatred, writes Hoffer.
622	Anita was sexually abused by her uncle (paternal aunt’s husband) over a long period, and when her pregnancy was detected, the police reluctantly filed a case of rape.
623	Ankara is hosting the 10th leadership Summit of the 25-year- old organization in December 2010.
624	An MRI revealed the injury is not serious, and Bannister doesn’t expect to be sidelined once his professional career gets under way.
625	Anna was born July 4, 1917, to Tom and Mary Yankoff in Coalwood, Montana.
626	"Annie turned out to be an Olympic swimmer and in retrospect, when she first jumped in I should have just let her swim to shore," said Kern, who admitted that she is embarrassed by the experience.
627	Ann (Margot Robbie, looking believably farm-fresh and nothing at all like the scene-stealing vixen she played in The Wolf of Wall Street) lives alone on her family's farm, a speckled dog named Faro her only companion.
628	Ann Patchett’s latest novel, State of Wonder, (HarperCollins, 2011) didn’t make me choose.
629	Ann: The gyros sandwich is my favorite Middle Eastern sandwich.
630	Annual unemployment rates were higher in 110 Kentucky counties in 2008 than in 2007, while 10 counties were lower, according to the Kentucky Office of Employment and Training in the Kentucky Education and Workforce Development Cabinet.
631	An officer on patrol was headed down the Post Road, near South Pine Creek, when he heard a car horn blow and saw the woman’s car hit the car in front of her.
632	An officer stood by until the water department arrived to address the issue.
633	An official defence ministry communiqu&eacute gave no reason, merely stating: 'The government has decided to cancel the ongoing request for proposal (RFP) for procurement of 197 helicopters for the Indian Army.
634	A nomination for him for the Oscars could have perfectly been well deserved here.
635	" An opinion based on what exactly?
636	Another 75 million are in debt as a result of medical bills.
637	Another, Bishop Larry Robertson, of the diocese of the Yukon, suggested that commenting on the divisive issue would only rub salt into fresh wounds.
638	Another bit of green automotive news this week had to do with heavily taxpayer-subsidized Fisker Automotive.
639	Another, earning $10.71 at a hospital, got a $200 loan with a finance charge of $2,160.
640	Another event ahead is the MMA’s annual Manufacturing Talent Summit, on Oct. 29. What is the focus of this event and what could manufacturers and others, like representatives from education and economic development, gain from attending?
641	Another factor impacting the need for reform is H 2-a, a federal program designed to attract immigrant labor to the United States.
642	Another former member of the committee, Frank Cushnahan, was connected to a fixers' fee for the sale of some loans, but NAMA said he did not have access to useful information.
643	“Another Girl” featured crashing symbols that awakened the song’s reflective beginning with a jolt of anger.
644	Another indicator that wages are reasonable: more people want to teach than there are teaching jobs.
645	Another issue stemming from declining enrollment has been the loss of students in August, which is past the deadline for cutting staff for the coming year.
646	Another juror sent a note Tuesday stating a juror had declared he was "very biased" during deliberations.
647	Another proposal, to require abortion providers’ partner hospitals to be within 30 miles, was removed at the request of Sen. Sandra Williams, D-Cleveland, who then voted in favor of the two-year budget.
648	Another reason is that since they are remaking Tamil hit Kaththi, there is no need of spending money lavishly on this subject.
649	Another resident, whose office is on Liberty Avenue, concurred.
650	Another source used by the project is "Tipu's Dream Diary", which was found by Colonel Kirkpatrick in the inner chambers of Srirangapatna after Tipu's death.
651	Another statement was released hours later, saying the tweet was sent by staff without Babeu's approval.
652	Another strategy would have been to book partial profits at that point.
653	Another thing that is a tradition around these parts is Clara Morgan’s moose curry - the best ever.
654	An outdoor cookout will be provided at the end of the run (donations will be accepted but are not required).
655	Answer: It changes every day.
656	Anthony Bishop moved the puck from the Seattle zone to Elijah Brown who carried it up the left wing.
657	A number of citations already are remedied.
658	A number of Orthodox leaders claim their community was undercounted in 1990 due to methodology that may have disproportionately emphasized Jews living in areas where Orthodox Jews are less likely to cluster.
659	A number of professors used the survey to voice their frustration with the changes, but many would not comment for fear of backlash from administrators.
660	An update report on the city’s gang strategy that was put forward to that board estimated that there were 435 gang members and known associates in 2015.
661	A nutshell 20 million was put aside for the bank. we have approved up to 23 million at this time.
662	"Any aid cutbacks will undermine the ability of the government to implement their Bottom-Up Approach Strategy.
663	Any developments in the Villalobos case are closely guarded by prosecutors, so rumors have been rampant, fed, in part, by phony e-mail messages.
664	Any hope of silencing a raucous stadium early-on was gone.
665	Any information you provide may be stored and maintained in a Nashville Post database, either housed at Nashville Post or with a third party vendor.
666	Any member of the public or the council may pull an item from the consent calendar for a separate discussion and vote.
667	Any new organization wishing to participate in the Warrior Run should contact Cron at 473-0608 or e-mail stephen.
668	Anyone else ever get stuck in a motivational-less rut?
669	Anyone (including hunters, gardeners and fishermen) who can donate these needed needed food items can call 582-2963 or drop them by the CASA office at 1321 Gunter Ave., Guntersville.
670	Anyone who says social equity – as opposed to equality – is not as important – if not more so – as profit, is hardly ever likely to lead anyone else to the promised land.
671	Anyox was located on Observatory Inlet, about 37 miles southwest of Stewart, British Columbia, 40 miles north of Prince Rupert and not far from the US-Canadian border.
672	Any pet fans will probably be suckers for this one.
673	Anyway, time for some shut eye ;-) I'd agree with both Daniel and Paul that the Epps piece is pretty imprecise, but it’s good enough for government work, as it were.
674	A one-vehicle rollover accident is reported on Crosby Road, possibily near Lewiston Road.
675	A parade will march down Main Street and South Grand to the Fairgrounds at 5pm.
676	Apart from reactors, AREVA provides solutions covering the whole nuclear fuel cycle: uranium mining, conversion, enrichment and fuel fabrication, as well as spent fuel recycling and technology for the disposal of nuclear waste.
677	A person could have legal status in the eyes of the government, but not be a member of a First Nation, he says.
678	A person of interest, Douglas Garland, was taken in for questioning days later and released soon after.
679	A person puts himself in pain and also makes his other family members a part of his suffering.
680	A photo charge may apply.
681	A photo posted by MassLive High School Sports (@masslivehs) on Sep 15, 2016 at 6:56pm PDT Tune in next week as our first female Athlete of the Week winner will take over our Instagram account.
682	A physical store offers advantages, Cast said, including the instant gratification of a physical purchase and the ability to interact with new gadgets.
683	A picture seizes us physically much more than an abstract idea.
684	API has been without a CEO since December, when David Young quit.
685	A player like this is only a secret once.
686	A police spokesman said: "I would urge the public to be vigilant and to ensure that they do not put their health at risk by purchasing medication from an illicit source."
687	Apparently, word had gotten out.
688	Applicants are required to pass a test showing they understand the laws and rules regarding marijuana, basic safe handling of marijuana items, checking identification, and recognizing the signs of visible intoxication.
689	Appreciate your opinion, we are going to mark you as opposed, never going to send you another piece of mail, no digital advertisement, we are going to focus the dollars and resources where we know they will make a difference.
690	• approved a setback variance for Dale and Lynn Graunke to encroach upon the south side yard setback at a residence on Third Street South.
691	Approximately 30 balloons from around the region took flight.
692	A preliminary count shows that Vermont hunters took 5,021 turkeys this spring, surpassing the previous record set last year at 4,649, according to the Vermont Fish & Wildlife Department.
693	April 3, 2016 at 11:01 AM Be sure Russia will not use against israel April 3, 2016 at 11:56 AM April 3, 2016 at 12:19 PM maybe rusian prepositioning anti aircraft for their preparation to launch an attack against Israel.
694	A public meeting will be held in September or October to seek further comments for a final environmental impact statement.
695	Aquino had decided to delay by one day his trip to Bali, Indonesia to attend the Association of Southeast Asian nations (ASEAN), to monitor the situation in the Philippines.
696	Arcata, currently 11-1-1 in league play, is right on the heels of the Huskies, who finished the regular season with a 11-1-2 league record thanks to their 2-0 win over Del Norte in Fortuna on Wednesday night.
697	Archeologists discovered a parasite egg near the pelvis of a child’s skeleton in northern Syria and say it dates back to a time when ancient societies first used irrigation systems to grow crops.
698	Ardenwood is gifted in even having active winters, when farms are usually quiet: Monarch butterflies migrate to ArdenwoodÕs plentiful eucalyptus and milkweed.
699	Area motels filled up and hockey games were cancelled as the storm continued throughout the weekend.
700	Area roundup: Wilson basketball changes coaches By Staff Reports, sports@presstelegram.
701	A related problem is that the vast majority of Catholics are not catechized properly in relation to the Mass. Just about everyone I know judges the Mass based on how good the homily and music are.
702	A report from telecoms watchdog Ofcom shows that a third of us have problems with our mobile at least every week.
703	A report of a suspicious person at 6:47 a.m. Friday at 26 Stone St. A caller reported she thought someone might have been trying to gain access to her home.
704	A report released today (Tuesday) by End Child Poverty states there were more than 3.5 million children living in poverty in the UK in 2015, with as many as 47 per cent in some areas.
705	“Are there times when there is going to be a bad situation, a bad shoot?”
706	A Reubenesque pastrami sandwich was a marvel of meatiness, tempered by tender touches: pecan-smoked beef, and a gentle leek fondue that didn't over-announce itself.
707	A revolutionary Christian drama that has gained widespread attention across Europe is set to bring its act to America, with local churches ready to organize and host the play this June.
708	Are we going to see the sticks fall apart and Lalu Yadav flex muscle and turn the result into a farce as the disparate elements jockey for power?
709	Are you completely “Sold” that this group is indeed “low risk” According to National Insurance stats, yup.
710	Argo chronicles the CIA mission to rescue six Americans from the Iran hostage crisis of 1979, one of the most important events of the Carter administration.
711	Arizona has a chance to elect a Goldwater like sage as their senator.
712	"Arizona is a hot and dry place, and it is expected to get hotter and drier," Climate Central senior scientist Alyson Kenward said.
713	Arizona State redshirt sophmore quarterback Manny Wilkins looks to pass the ball during the 44-13 victory against the Northern Arizona University Lumberjacks in Sun Devil Stadium in Tempe, Arizona, on Saturday, Sept. 3, 2016.
714	Arjay Oliver put LaBrae on the board with 1:12 to play in the third with a 7-yard run and the Vikings were again knocking on the door with a drive deep into Falcons’ territory.
715	Armed robbery suspect Matthew Ray Garcia was captured yesterday (Wednesday) after Sunnyside police detectives obtained a search warrant on the house they said he fled into after the crime.
716	Armed with tools to address those anxious feelings and a solid understanding of her diagnosis, Trudeau was eventually able to get back on the road.
717	Around 1:30 a.m., officers reported to the Domino’s Pizza where an employee told police that three men had picked a fight with him and one brandished a hammer.
718	Around 25 children at the school from different year groups put on a drama performance and sang chartist hymns on stage for the audience after practicing for nearly three months.
719	Around 30 people spoke opposing the Occidental site at the Council meeting.
720	Around the Eastside this week, lowered American flags could be seen everywhere from schools to car dealerships.
721	Arrange a public starting point meet.
722	Arrive early to stake out a spot and visit the musical playground, filled with unique instruments made from salvaged and upcycled materials.
723	Art After Dark/Rudin Prize Opening: The weekly event featuring arts, music and food runs from 5 and 9 p.m. Thursday.
724	Arteriosclerosis (arterio means artery and sclerosis means hardening) is what is commonly known as hardening of the artery due to constant and long standing cholesterol build-up in the inner wall of the artery.
725	Article 31 Commercial banks shall determine the interest rates on deposits in accordance with the upper and lower limits interest rates on deposits specified by the People's Bank of China and make them known to the public.
726	“Art in Bloom,” the theme of this year’s show, explores various art movements through floral arrangements.
727	A.R.T.) in Cambria and get 25 percent off the adoption fee for a second kitten.
728	Artistic standards have been destroyed.
729	Artists host studio tour this weekend Once a year a select group of artists invites the world into their lives.
730	Arts and culture in brief: the week ahead in Costa Rica 5 questions for Costa Rican director Federico Peixoto Federico Peixoto has spent 20 years documenting the graffiti scene in each Central American country.
731	ArtsWells -- which was recently named one of Canada's top ten music festivals by CBC Radio 3 -- runs July 30 to August 2nd, 2010.
732	A Russian airman who survived the shoot-down and was later rescued by the Syrian and Russian commando, denied veering into Turkey's airspace "even for a single second."
733	As a beer geek, I was frustrated for the past six years because Canada’s best beers simply weren’t available in Manitoba.
734	As a community service the women of La Jolla United Methodist Church will host a panel of experts on the topic, 10 a.m. Thursday, Oct. 8 in the church sanctuary, 6063 La Jolla Blvd. At the event, keynote speaker and..
735	As a country, this is a big opportunity.
736	As a father of three, providing a strong educational foundation is one of the best things that I can do to prepare my children for college and life.
737	As a final example, let's take the sex ratio.
738	As a gay man, I get tired of being kicked down the road..
739	As a guest, observe the host for cues.
740	As a gun enthusiast, Marinos says it’s important to promote the shooting sport by getting more people involved, educating them about the second amendment to the U.S. Constitution and providing direction for learning about firearms.
741	As a jury would later conclude, Chrisman had just committed aggravated assault.
742	"As a kid, I always loved Halloween and still do," the 43-year-old Victoria native said.
743	As always, the state of the global economy will be the main topic of conversation.
744	As a member-driven organization, AAE brings an authentic teacher voice to the education reform dialogue, providing invaluable input from professional educators across the country.
745	As an ambassador of the United Nations’ World Food Program (WFP), the actress is involved in helping some 60,000 school children in war-torn areas in the south.
746	As an aneurysm gets larger, the risk of a tear increases.
747	As an example, in 2015 they contributed over $70,000 to local nonprofits, youth organizations and schools through fundraising and donations.
748	As an example, Odom says Beefcor is a 25,000-head feedyard that has 80 employees.
749	As anger mounted, a mob attacked Gafatar followers on a communal farm on Indonesia's part of Borneo island, prompting the evacuation of hundreds of them.
750	Asante in particular remained a constant threat to the Sfaxien backline, and was often fouled by his markers.
751	As a registered nurse who works with young babies I feel very strongly about this.
752	As a result, it's hard to care if he emerges from the Joneses' invasion alive.
753	As a result, Linebarger argues, the trade deal's benefits have become blurred with real concerns about globalization.
754	As a result, major laboratory equipment and heart rate monitors have already been computerized in many hospitals.
755	As a result of this investigation an indoor marijuana growing operation was dismantled. 451 cannabis marijuana plants, 673 grams of marijuana along with $1,100 cash and growing equipment were seized.
756	As a result, the eatery had to close for more than two weeks for repair.
757	As a secret prison's brutal guard with a heart of..
758	As a senior, I would like to finish the season (on a high note) just to live up to the program's strong tradition," she said.
759	“As a statesman and politician of some 41 years, he executed his responsibilities with genuine care and love for the people of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago.
760	As a tribal member I feel Chesie can and will work toward productive relationships between tribal and non-tribal entities.
761	As Baahubali's character in the film resembles tremendous strength, the cracker makers thought that it would be an ideal fit for developing a cracker named, Baahubali Atom Bomb.
762	As Boulder Weekly has previously reported, several other leading scientists argue methane is 100 times more potent than carbon dioxide.
763	As Cassidy told Northern Public Radio, “This really is a bipartisan idea that’s based on protecting kids from bad science.”
764	As chief rabbi, Lord Jonathan Sacks brought international attention to the post as an eloquent writer and speaker on modern Jewish and social issues, gaining recognition as an ambassador for the whole of the Jewish community.
765	A Scottish ban boosted pressure The alternative view is that the prime minister and party chairman Charles Clarke have been subjected to a concerted campaign by backbenchers to finally honour the election pledge and allow a vote on the issue.
766	As Crane explained, thermal breakup is a kinder affair.
767	“As decided by the Prime Minister of India and the President of Pakistan … the Special Session of the Joint Anti-Terror Mechanism with Pakistan, will be held on 24 October in New Delhi,” the Indian ministry statement said.
768	As director of the county’s parks and recreation department, John McCarthy knows a lot about Sarasota’s beaches.
769	A second bill, Senate Bill 16-216, which would have set up a presidential primary that allowed only voters from the two major parties to participate, never made it out of the Senate Monday.
770	A section of the playground now has small hills for a rolling landscape.
771	A senior North Atlantic Treaty Organization official said last week that the figures being cited by the Pentagon and the White House may be designed to pressure Mr. Karzai to cut a deal.
772	A sentiment share by all in attendance.
773	As executive chef, he earned five semi-finalist nominations for Best Chef: Southeast from the James Beard Foundation.
774	As expected, it was the White Knights who started the game in blistering fashion, trying to score an early goal with the intention of putting Pitso Mosimane’s men under pressure.
775	As expert in economy Paata Koghuashvili says, agricultural lands should be utilized by Georgian farmers and the process should be highly supported by the state.
776	As Fisher’s 1970 diary shows, the group made day trips to the food-obsessed villages of Mougins and St-Paul-de-Vence.
777	As for Donohue’s relationship with her mother Niki Donohue, Ted Donohue compared it to “Fourth of July fireworks.”
778	As for her Grammy victory chances -- she's a favourite to win best song -- Jepsen doesn't want to think about it too much.
779	As for indoors, there are many gray, square tables with bright-green chairs to choose from.
780	As for "it's complicated," the answer is, well, complicated, but that relationship status declined in popularity as the site transitioned from a social networking tool for college and high school students to one that more adults use.
781	As for me, I wear a stocking cap when the weather gets cold enough and I wear a wide brimmed hat these days when gardening a habit I did not start soon enough and thus have had to see a dermatologist for cancerous conditions.
782	As for minerals or ores sourced from areas covered by small scale mining permits, contracts, quarry permits, sand and gravel permits, the DENR has delegated to the provincial governor and city and municipal mayor the authority to issue the export permit.
783	As for Seattle U, the regular season conference champions finished with a record of 12-5-1 and a perfect conference record of 7-0-0.
784	As for the other vendors, there are more than 100 vendors in all selling arts and crafts with 20 of them open on Friday night.
785	As for the perils of overindulging: “I have a very good director who tells me when to put my fork down when the camera stops rolling,” Catucci said with a laugh.
786	As Garcia’s younger brother illustrates, children are capable of making decisions.
787	As great a fight as it was against nemesis Joe Frazier, it arguably marked the beginning of the end.
788	Ash billowing from Pavlof Volcano is not high enough to affect international air travel, but Pavlof is just one of a string of active Alaska volcanoes that sits beneath the flight corridor between the US and Asia.
789	As head of his family, he had intended to marry off his three teenage daughters.
790	As he basks in the glory of his accomplishments, his wife wakes him up to ruin dream.
791	A shipboard crane moves cargo onto the Gould.
792	Ashley Carey and Haylee Brown were 2 for 4. The Knight's sophomore pitcher Peyton Parker allowed 3 hits while striking out 4 batters.
793	Ashley Hamer, Spearfish, spent the weekend in the parental Chet and Teresa Hamer home.
794	• A short investigation and a targeted traffic stop netted Kingston Police one of their largest ever drug seizures.
795	A short time later, he returned and was carrying a shotgun.
796	A short trip brought the group to the concrete flat top that contains a smaller upper area, a wide lower level connected by a staircase, and a small jungle gym.
797	Ashton suffers from cognitive issues and is believed to have become lost trying to get home.
798	Aside from the fact that the film will probably be way better on a big screen with surround sound, a new report finds that many websites set up to distribute pirated movies and TV shows spread malicious malware.
799	Aside from the strong acting and very funny plot, “The Merry Wives of Windsor” is one of those rare plays that has something to offer everyone.
800	As Idrak Abbasov, 2012 award winner, said: “In Azerbaijan, telling the truth can cost a journalist their life… For the sake of this right we accept that our lives are in danger, as are the lives of our families.
801	A similar season could land Walker an All-Star berth.
802	As I prepared my remarks to welcome our national hero and WNBA star I researched this remarkable young Bahamian and it caused me as Minister of Grand Bahama to reflect on myself and this country.
803	As I reflect back on that day, I realize that the vast majority of the people lining the street all along the route didn’t know Robert.
804	As I speak now, there is an electoral calender issued by the Commission itself but they are not following the calender” “Are they even following their own regulations?
805	As is true with most recipes, over the years creative cooks have added their own special touches to these recipes, but they still belong to the "back of the box" family.
806	"As it is, the interpretation is quite vague so many who deserve such payment will miss out."
807	As it stands now, the seven-man roster is only one player over the required amount of players needed to compete.
808	A six player shoot out would then follow up.
809	A sizeable investment in the squad, including a record transfer fee to secure Iestyn Harris, kick starts the revival and the business is developed to begin to tackle and reduce the club’s debt.
810	Ask any businessman his view on the current functioning of the Income-tax, Excise and Service Tax departments and the phrase you will hear repeatedly is “tax terrorism”.
811	Ask companies you are considering about your situation.
812	Asked on whether she wants to be identified in this interview, “maybe I should just be anonymous.
813	Ask the homeless or people living on minimum wage how optimistic they are.”
814	As Kurien ruled out Sharma's notice under rule 267 to suspend business to take up the issue, Congress members trooped in the Well raising slogans against the PM.
815	“Ask yourself are we any better off after 35 years of building all these bureaucracies and programs so massive that we now have to add another bureaucratic layer called a ‘clearing house’?
816	As leaders of political parties, we represent the people.
817	"As living spiritual souls, we are all originally Krishna conscious entities, but due to our association with matter from time immemorial, our consciousness is now polluted in the material atmosphere.
818	As Liz Packer points out, “Seaweed is just as effective.”
819	“As long as I stick to that, then hopefully the outcome will be the best outcome that it can be.”
820	“As long as we’re at this uncomfortable steady, slow, slow recovery, I think we’re past the point where REO really matters.
821	As long as you have a Rush Limbaugh as a spokesman, the Republicans have a big problem His comments about minorities do nothing but alienate them from the Republican party.
822	A small number of applicants were excluded, and after an operation to allocate the available CMH shares proportionately, 1,173 individuals could buy 296,700 shares, and 49 institutions acquired 296,712 shares.
823	As many times as we've been to the original Chaps, we hadn't had the pork ribs ($9, one pound).
824	As Michael Lynne is a renowned art collector, visitors may tour the contemporary collection, commissioned for the Artists Series labels.
825	As of Aug. 29, data from the state Division of Elections showed that 64,210, or 61.8 percent, had voted against the measure and 39,624, or 38.1 percent, had voted for it.
826	As of August 16, $6,085 has been raised.
827	As of today, the forces of the Royal Army are engaged in an uneasy standoff with Malaysian security forces: the former insisting on their right to stay, and the latter demanding that the Sultan's men leave.
828	As of Tues., May 19, the Peace Region Paleontology Research Centre had already requested letters of support from Hudson’s Hope, Fort St. John, the North Peace Economic Development Commission, and the Peace River Regional District.
829	A soldier stirs briefly, then rolls over to catch a few more winks as mid-morning approaches, bringing with it yet another skirmish with Union troops hot on their trail.
830	As old Xan weakens and Luna's magic ripens, myriad subplots come together on one (literally) explosive night.
831	As one of only 30 accredited veterinary schools in the country, LSU SVM has garnered a strong reputation as a regional resource for private-practice veterinarians to refer their toughest cases.
832	A sound hole in the shape of a fish is a unique design touch, a nod to the name of its inspiration.
833	A source claims that Basu is extremely paranoid about Grover and is overtly possessive of him.
834	A source in the commercial fishing industry said a similar suit against Washington’s Department of Fish and Wildlife would be discussed Wednesday at a meeting of Salmon For All, a commercial fisher’s lobbying group.
835	A South Korean worker attaches the name cards of Buddhists on lanterns to celebrate the upcoming Buddha's birthday on May 21 at the Bongun Temple in Seoul, South Korea.
836	As part of my reporter duties I visited a home where a couple was hosting two recruits from the Coast Guard Training Center in Cape May.
837	As part of National Fire Prevention week, which begins Sunday and continues through Oct. 12, local firefighters will present programs that stress fire escape planning at elementary schools and at some preschools, said Rich Barr, Lawrence fire marshal.
838	A special Pakistani aircraft brought Ali Haider Gilani back from Kabul and landed at the airport in the eastern city of Lahore where family members received him amid tight security.
839	A special police team headed by SP Neil Hettiarachchi is conducting investigations under the instructions of Anura Senanayake, the DIG in charge of Crime, on the directions of IGP Jayantha Wickremaratne.
840	A special thank-you to all of you and thank you for the memories of those that have passed.
841	As per the timetable, now is for the people to say whether they want to buy it at the price,” he said, without specifying who the possible buyers are.
842	A spokeswoman said police had made a submission to the inquiry and ''any further comment at this stage may prejudice those proceedings''.
843	As rule 6.44 (b) of the GAA’s Official Guide states, on a proven objection a team exceeding the number of substitution permitted, in this case six, could see the game awarded to the opposing team, a replay or a fine “depending on the circumstances”.
844	As Senate president, he has immense power at his disposal.
845	’ As she spoke to Your Health recently, Margret was at Tumaini la Maisha Center in Dar es Salaam, a home for children with cancer, where she is nursing her son John, currently undergoing chemotherapy.
846	Assistant Chief Constable Rebekah Sutcliffe from Greater Manchester Police said: “These arrests are a significant result for Greater Manchester Police in our fight against organised crime in Salford.
847	Associate head coach Donny Pritzlaff knows that finishing towards the middle of the pack in the Big Ten is a big deal, but thinks that the Knights can still improve.
848	As soon as he passes through the invisible and subtle border, contact is actually established.
849	As soon as you’re allowed back in the house and it’s safe to turn on the electricity (an electrician will have to make this determination), turn the air conditioning on to start the movement of cool, dry air throughout the house.
850	Assured spots: Israel already has two assured slots for a male and female surfer.
851	As the African Union chair and the Sadc chair last year, President Mugabe set the agenda for industrialisation, beneficiation and value addition for the two continental bodies.
852	“As the city’s chief law enforcement officer you must understand the importance of the position you hold and behave in a manner that dignifies the office,” Harp wrote Wednesday.
853	As the continent’s largest African investor, South Africa sends more than 25% of its manufactured products into the continent; that is why cutting tools need to be reliable, efficient, productive, hassle-free and cost effective.
854	As the drought set in Rocky says their dams started drying up, followed by the springs and then the creeks.
855	As the global leader in free-to-play, GREE unleashes the power of gaming by taking it mobile and making it social.
856	As the nonprofit moved to Moraga, management immediately sought local partnerships with the town and the college.
857	'As the population gets older, you have more patients with Alzheimer's disease, and that number will increase dramatically from about five million now to 15 million in 2050.'
858	As the six-month Atlantic hurricane season begins Wednesday, weather forecasters say Florida is long overdue to get hit by a storm.
859	As the study says, the exchange of this critical information could impact physicians’ prescribing decisions in an effort to improve patient care.”
860	As the train reached the high girders at the centre of the bridge, they collapsed, plunging the train and its passengers into the icy Tay.
861	As they are crimes against the government as much as against the individual, they will be investigated promptly," he said in a statement.
862	As they were leaving they heard a faint meow on the porch of his house and found a small cat hiding behind a planter.
863	As things stand now, 150 Jewish overnight camps serve nearly 75,000 children each summer but they are only able to accommodate fewer than 1,000 campers with special needs, and many camps have waiting lists for those few slots.
864	As time passed, she dealt better with a lot of reporters and, more importantly, with her colleagues in the House, Democrats included.
865	A storage building with massive damage on its roof as a result of the orange sized hail that pelted many districts in Chiang Rai.
866	As to your concerns about Indo-Trinbagonians, trust me, I definitely have no illusions about them as a collective.
867	A strategy to enable public-private efforts in cybersecurity is the best means to safeguard the country.
868	A strike team is a specialized unit used to fight camp-sized fires.
869	Astronomers said they expected the new distance record to stand until Hubble’s successor, the James Webb Space Telescope, is launched in 2018.
870	A surveillance tower with a number of video cameras is perched high above the Inn.
871	As U.S. Attorney, Christie sent Kushner’s father to prison in 2009.
872	As Valls walks along a street lined with concrete blocks and concrete towers, women wave to him enthusiastically from balconies, while men shake his hand below.
873	As we got to the road I looked over my right shoulder.
874	As well as the painting, Scott collects and writes the family histories that go along with the house.
875	As well, it is very funny.
876	As well, Tousignant said many seniors lose their spouses to age, leaving them isolated and alone and easy victims for anxiety and depression.
877	As we look back at former presidents’ relations with the press, we realize how different it was in the days before our defense relied so heavily on secret intelligence.
878	As we look back on our life’s accomplishments, big and small, we will notice that they are seasonal.
879	As we shivered through this past week’s zero degree (and less) temperatures, there was really a silver lining for some of us.
880	As with seats by the main exit, bulkhead seats lack under-seat storage, meaning you’ll be stowing all your gear during the long stretches of time around takeoff and landing.
881	As with the family's examination, additional investigation is needed to determine critical facts, including whether Brown was facing the officer when he was shot and the distance between Brown and the officer at the time of the shooting.
882	As with U.S. military disability claims, the overall American rate is the highest in the First World, 9.2 per cent to the OECD average of 6.7.
883	As you attempt to move forward deep feelings, emotions and several wounds are felt.
884	As you can see, there’s a lot to consider in choosing the right health plan for you.
885	At 2:30 p.m. a report of obstructing government operations in the 2800 block of Veterans Drive.
886	At 3:07 a.m., they made calls to contact Entergy and CenterPoint Energy.
887	At about 11:30, an overjoyed Scott, his wife and daughters by his side, said he still couldn't quite believe a working class kid from Barre was about to be the next governor.
888	At a large, tastefully appointed Sneden’s Landing townhouse, the Deputy Mayor of New York has just shot himself.
889	At all these places, a public facilitation centre is being set up, which would be fully functional in six to eight months, said Rathod.
890	At a meeting with businessmen, the President stated that "Mexico is in mourning and is duel" by a tragedy that left 33 people dead and 121 injured.
891	At an age when people aspire to turn dreams into reality Bagwan Das was detected a leprosy patient.
892	'A tax policy that confiscated 100 percent of the taxable income of everyone in America earning over $500,000 in 2006 would only have given Congress an extra $1.3 trillion in revenue,' according to a February 27 editorial in The Wall Street Journal.
893	“At barbecues and friendly neighborhood picnics, we just start talking about agriculture.
894	At Bendemeer, the Magpies looked dangerous with ball in hand, although kept letting Bendemeer back in the game with mistakes.
895	At Berkeley Repertory Theatre, 2025 Addison St., Berkeley. 7 p.m. pre-concert slideshow, 8 p.m. concert.
896	At Church of the Good Samaritan in Gunnison and later at Christ Church, Cañon City, she led projects of making blankets for all newborns at the local hospitals.
897	At current fuel costs, the Canyon will save an owner $450 a year over a Frontier and $200 compared to a Tacoma.
898	At each meeting, 50 people would be invited on selection of their suggestions to make their presentation.
899	A team of conservation biologists says the threat can still be reversed.
900	A team of landscape workers couldn’t do a better job.
901	A terrible undemocratic railroad process is being used to push the Bad Nike Bill through.
902	At first, building a new store at a different location in town was one possibility.
903	At first, I was going to make a film looking at different areas and regions—South versus Northeast, the Bay Area—and that’s really large.
904	At fourteen, Mitchell knew exactly who he wanted to be.
905	A: The obvious answer in front of us is “Connected Everything” — spreading from devices into cars, homes and wearables.
906	ATHLETICS Elson to call UA baseball, women’s basketball Heritage's Darter cruises into 7A semifinal Alye Darter's attempt to claim back-to-back Class 7A girls singles tennis titles got off to strong start Monday afternoon.
907	Atlanta's breaking news, severe weather, & traffic Nealz Nuze Archive for Wednesday, July 16, 2003 Today's Nuze: Today's Nuze: July 16, 2003 Today's Nuze: July 16, 2003 Browse the archives: Read this week's World Net Daily Boortz Column!
908	At least emergency vehicles will be able to function and keep the city from burning down..
909	At least three jurors were willing to find Tensing, a white man, guilty of murder in the killing of DuBose, an unarmed black motorist.
910	At least we belong in these games now.
911	At least while I’m up on York Hill I can really focus on getting my work done and stuff like that.
912	Atlee made the postseason in four of the last five seasons, enjoying their best season under Johnson in 2013 at 11-2 with two postseason victories.
913	At Malacañang, meanwhile, 77 officers from Philippine Military Academy Classes 1994 and 1995 met with President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo.
914	At Mass we do what we were baptized to do: to praise and thank God and to offer our lives in return.
915	At noon, the musicians will perform at Jamaica Farmers’ Market.
916	“At one point, I was a resident acting coach in scene study and improvisation and also taught private instruction in acting and voice.”
917	“At one point, she invited all the members of the female General Staff through (Cde) Nyasha Chikwinya, and we thought that she had finally remembered us, and wanted to empower us, but nothing materialised.
918	At one point the walls were lined with vertical blinds; another time, the whole space was painted gray.
919	A total of over 1.5 million persons cast ballots.
920	At present, capital is starting to shrink in the world and foreign exchange rates are rapidly rising.
921	A traditional parade of boats followed.
922	A tragedy leads to a road trip during which the alleged evils of a supposedly degenerate and corrupt society are exposed to the children, whose semi-brainwashed minds respond with varying degrees of enthusiasm.
923	A transient told a clerk at the location that there was something gruesome in a nearby trash bin.
924	Attacks in northern Afghanistan are far less common than in the south and east, and Faryab province has been considered to be relatively peaceful.
925	Attend one (or all) of the free summer concerts in Locust.
926	At that point couples will hit the $2,000 cap, so those with higher incomes will not get a larger benefit.
927	At that time, Dixon-Lang had some very difficult tasks to perform, as previous league records had been mismanaged or lost.
928	At that time I was surprised, I was pleasantly surprised, but at the same time it went against my social, and personal, and advocacy strategy.
929	At the airport, Brown and others were seen walking to the private plane.
930	At the BMOA garden, dozens of altars were set up by family members not to mourn the death of their loved ones, but to celebrate the lives they lived.
931	At the center of this whirlwind is Thompson, whose Brooke is emotionally damaged and struggling to find her voice and place in a world she feels disconnected from.
932	At the ceremony in June, United We Dream’s director of advocacy and policy, Lorella Praeli, suggested that Boehner and other Republicans take a good look at the faces in the mock ceremony crowd.
933	At the end of the meal, he grabs the bill — a sign that Finlay’s protege is doing well.
934	At the handover of the candlestick holder last Saturday, Prime Minister Dr Derek Sikua acknowledge Don Chalmer for his time here serving during world war two and having a heartfelt commitment to seek propriety in retuning the candlestick holder.
935	At the heart of Vieques residents' complaints are claims of environmental destruction and lethal contamination of water, air and ground soil.
936	At the Major’s retirement in 1960, the family returned to Chelsea and she has resided in that same home for the past 54 years.
937	At the moment, the Irish took what looked to be a solid 14-7 lead.
938	At the plate, Eden Smith led a 4-for-4 effort, but on the mound Mahala pitched a game she will never forget as she had a perfect game.
939	At the potluck prior to the show, Vikki Finnson enjoyed visiting with Mats’ wife, Arndís.
940	At the same time, we should have the sensitivity to understand how upset many Labour party members and supporters are likely to feel about various human rights abuses around the world.
941	At the start of the second game Moorpark was on fire.
942	At the time, it was lauded as a journalistic breakthrough.
943	At the time of his arrival, eliminate all noise of the washer, dryer, or vacuum.
944	At the time, that seemed optimistic.
945	At the time, the ICRC provided enough food, shelter and other emergency supplies to last them a month.
946	At the time there appeared nothing unusual about this exhortation to loyal supporters to lend a hand.
947	At the upper primary level, the percentage of students in government schools reduced from 69.9 percent in 2007-08 to 66 percent in 2014.
948	At this time, one person has been transported to the hospital.
949	At times, the dialogue overshadows this fluttering reality with a reminder of the limiting effects of language and tone.
950	At times, the images in Alastair Fothergill & Mark Linfield's documentary adapted from the BBC nature series of the same name elicit that rare cinematic response: wonder.
951	Attorney Phil Gregory, who is representing the tribes in the lawsuit, provided an overview of the case, as well as his experience taking Caltrans to court over Richardson Grove and a plan to widen the highway along the Smith River.
952	Auburn is a three head monster on offense but only two heads were effective.
953	Audrey Pierce and Chloe Warren are also involved in the attack.
954	Auntie Dorothy and Uncle Irv is what the Mudras kids call the Fenckas, who Mudra says "co-parented" them.
955	Aurora and Bainbridge police said they have cited dozens of trespassers at the property in the last several months.
956	Austin was last seen today at Mountain Vista Academy in San Tan Valley around noon time.
957	Australian opinion polls have shown that although Australians remain strong supporters of the so-called Anzus alliance - the security pact among Australia, New Zealand and the United States - they do not approve of Mr. Bush or the Iraq war.
958	Author and ethicist Peter Singer suggests that the Islamic State so far has beheaded hostages from the United States and United Kingdom, as well as many Syrian, Lebanese, and Kurdish soldiers, too.
959	Authorities had been looking for Christian Andre Young, 24, of Anchorage through the weekend, and a final tip helped them find him at a Nerka residence.
960	Authorities haven't said what kind of gun the suspect used in this week's shooting.
961	Authorities in Aiken County, South Carolina have arrested Demetrius Hickson, according to official reports uncovered by Palmetto Daily News.
962	Authorities in Bethlehem have evacuated residents near a gas and water leak along the 700 block of North New Street.
963	Automakers that once dismissed the threat of electric cars are now watching the company’s every move, perhaps the way carriage companies eyed Ford when Model Ts started rolling off the line.
964	A UVF member getting a gun like that meant he was important, explained Stevenson.
965	A vehicle was stopped by police along Highway 1 in Quispamsis and a 63 year old man was arrested for possessing cocaine and having the proceeds of crime.
966	A very bright and versatile public room with dual aspect windows to the front and side of the property.
967	A victory provides an exclamation mark to a glorious career.”
968	Avigail is one of only 20 students worldwide to advance to the final round of competition, taking place at Michlala Jerusalem College in Israel next week i”yh.
969	A Vigil Service followed by a Knights of Columbus Rosary will be at 6:00 p.m., Thurs., with family receiving friends after the Rosary all at Chaput-Buoy Funeral Home.
970	Avoiding the cataclysmic failure of the U.S. economy will require Washington to make bold, unprecedented moves to cut spending.
971	A Volkswagon was ransacked and some change was missing.
972	A way for Oakland voters to disrespect the fiftieth anniversary of the Black Panther Party would be by electing a bought Oakland school-board majority that will grow more charter schools.
973	Away from the community, Merton had more time for prayerful solitude and more freedom to follow his muse.
974	Away from the court and cameras, he is still a polite, soft-spoken kid.
975	“A week often leaves a lot of time to procrastinate and pushes things back a lot further,” said Plazo.
976	A well-presented three bedroom mid-terrace home with conservatory on the Hardwick estate.
977	A) "When we were aged eight to ten, we covered Metallica’s Enter Sandman, put it on youtube, and to our surprise it went viral.
978	A wholly owned subsidiary of NorthStar Medical Technologies LLC, the company is committed to resolving industry-wide supply challenges that have caused shortages of vital medical isotopes, negatively impacting patient care and stalling clinical research.
979	A witness told police she saw a neighbor on top of Robinson in a hallway.
980	A year ago in the Times-Herald, job listings and police calls.
981	A year later, the second Obama term Nugent had dreaded was only boosting his visibility as a conservative provocateur.
982	Azerbaijani and Armenian presidents are expected to meet in the second half of November.
983	Azle police passed out a list of banned substances after the city’s spice ban took effect in 2010.
984	Babies born to unmarried mothers were often placed for adoption It comes as lawyers investigating the issue called on Home Secretary Amber Rudd to launch a public inquiry into the scandal.
985	Back and forth, back and forth to the sawdust pile it was until each horse stall was filled.
986	Backers of the technology say NBTs should not be considered as GMOs because no foreign DNA is present in the resulting plants, which might have developed naturally.
987	Backlogs at Legal Aid in Alberta have led to justice advocates calling for more resources and the announcement by Ganley also did that, with $9.4 million going to the legal aid program operations.
988	Back on the local scene, we have our own claims regarding the sea: "The most beautiful beaches in the world!"
989	Baffert declined Burger King's offer of $100,000 to have their mascot stand near him at the earlier Kentucky Derby.
990	Bahamas Business, Travel & Society Web Portal Cable Beach Manor in Nassau, on the north coast of New Providence, Bahamas, was built by the Count de Marigny from Mauritius in 1940.
991	Bailey totaled 48 points, 14 rebounds, and ten steals in helping the Lady Cavs to two wins last week, For more on this story click on the video icon on the screen above.
992	Baker maanged just three hits in the game.
993	Bakes goods will also be available to raise money for a new church roof.
994	Balam's screenplay lets it down If only director Muralikrishna had used his cast in a solid screenplay instead of wasting them all.
995	Balkans Do Better in 'Doing Business' Report Most Balkan states have improved their positions in the World Bank's latest “Doing Business” report - some much more than others.
996	Ball continually invoked the name of wealthy businessman George Soros to say that billionaires could subvert the system and opt out of public financing and run on their own cash.
997	“BAM is a leading arts institution in New York City, but so much more,” said Max.
998	Banchory 5-day weather forecast NSPCC’s stark warning to creepy clowns Childline provided 84 clown-related counselling sessions on one day alone.
999	Banchory, Scotland 5-day weather forecast Property Search Results For Rentals Burngrange Cottages, West Calder EH55 Excellent good size one bed, upper villa apartment, fully furnished set in busy town of West Calder.
1000	Bank fishing contestants will compete for a $500 top prize, $250 for second largest, and $100 for the third largest flathead caught from the bank.
1001	“Barack Obama and Mark Udall have put tremendous pressure on this country,” Gardner said.
1002	Barbados-born R&B singer Rihanna scored a record-breaking double as her "Talk That Talk" debuted at the top of the album charts and she held onto first place in the singles ranking.
1003	Barbara Trask of the zoology department and Kathryn..
1004	“Barcelona’s youth structure has enabled hundreds of young players to achieve their dreams,” the club said.
1005	Barely four years later, the SACU Council of Ministers met in January 2010 in Johannesburg and took a decision – apparently under pressure from South Africa – to review the new RSF arrangement.
1006	Barnes and her siblings Arlene Harrell and Randall Durbin, as well as a few grandchildren and other family members, were present for the recognition.
1007	Barnes ended the night at the regional tournament with a second place finish.
1008	Barnsley: Steele hails fans after tough call to leave Former Barnsley goalkeeper Luke Steele has revealed just how much of a wrench it proved to be to leave Oakwell behind and head off for a new life in Greece.
1009	Barrett said he was pleased with the competition’s turnout and hopes to arrange another amateur competition in the north Georgia area for January or February of next year.
1010	Barrick Gold’s track record throughout the world is less than impressive.
1011	Barrientos told The Daytona Beach News-Journal on Friday that he had no choice but to take Pinochet’s side in the coup and that he was nowhere near the stadium at the time of Jara’s death.
1012	Barring a medical redshirt, this fall will be Arcidiacono's last in a Rutgers jersey.
1013	Barsby, NDSS meet in Friday-night-lights matchup The AA varsity football teams from Nanaimo District and John Barsby secondary schools meet in league play Friday (Oct. 21).
1014	Baseball Writers’ Association of America electees Craig Biggio, Randy Johnson, Pedro Martínez and John Smoltz will be inducted on stage in front of more than 40 returning Hall of Famers.
1015	Based in Ontario, Canada, Advertorial Agency provides services for real estate in placing articles in publications, such as newspapers and magazines, as well as sites on the Internet.
1016	Based on each advisee's academic performance in the first two or three semesters, Zinn works with the student to develop a two- or three-year academic plan that matches their goals with their academic strengths and interests.
1017	Based on the same platform as the A4 sedan, it can tow 4,400 pounds even with its small 220-hp, turbocharged 2.0-liter four-cylinder engine.
1018	Basically, Barton read portions of a story from the Yorkshire Evening Post on his “POV” segment, passing the views off as his own.
1019	“Basically it was a lot of digging through manuscripts,” Nyberg said.
1020	“Basically it was one of our small cruise ships and they hammered that float pretty good,” Giesbrecht said.
1021	“Basically, their vote in essence is lost because that candidate will not or cannot accept the appointment,” she said.
1022	“Basketball is a game of runs,” he said.
1023	Basketball was held for ages 8 to 12 in the new Zeballos Elementary Secondary School.
1024	Batapa-Sigue said Bacolod is well-positioned for the growth of wellness industry with the growing number of health spa and medical spas in the city that now provides jobs to almost 500 Negrenses.
1025	Bathroom 5' 4" x 8' 6" ( 1.63m x 2.59m ) Three piece suite comprising of: Vanity wash hand basin, wc and bath with mixer tap and shower over.
1026	Bath with shower attachment over, shower cubicle, sink with storage cupboard under, low level WC, two rear aspect obscured windows, fully tiled walls, heated towel rail.
1027	Bat Show with live bats, for ages 5 and up, at 7 p.m. at Kensington Library, 61 Arlington Ave. Free, but tickets required. 524-3043.
1028	Baumann performs as the man during the premiere of I Forgot to Fly Today at the Nanaimo Fringe Festival.
1029	Baylor won 10 games last year, marking the first time in the school’s history that it posted double-digit wins in three consecutive seasons.
1030	B. Balchand is Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Indsil Hydro Power and Manganese Limited.
1031	Bears need to gain three to five pounds every day to have enough fat reserves on their body for winter hibernation.
1032	Because Boots wasn’t part of the police department, and didn’t have to keep meticulous log books, he has no way of knowing if this summer was extraordinary busy, if the problem is getting worse, or if it’s always been bad.
1033	Because by the grace of God, this mother or father could be you.
1034	Because everyone has had Facebook for a number of years now, we’ve grown overly comfortable with our relationship and have begun letting things slide.
1035	Because it represents only a thin accumulation, black ice is highly transparent and thus difficult to see as compared with snow, frozen slush, or thicker ice layers.”
1036	Because people know and trust their incumbent telcos, they might be more willing to buy important services like these from them.
1037	Because the Oakland A’s got into a Twitter beef with the band Smash Mouth.
1038	Because these proponents of socialized medicine don't want it to be any easier for you to get health insurance through your employer.
1039	Because they are betraying these principles, their criminal behavior does reflect adversely on their professional ability.
1040	Because they could not go out of the camp, they could only wait for fellow Filipinos whom they could ask to send their money to their families in the Philippines.
1041	Because, to find the patient as soon as possible and to refer them to the case management center, it's the basic for an ebola outbreak."
1042	Bedroom 3 (3.73m reducing to 2.7m x 3.8m (12'2" reducing to 8) Door to en suite, radiator, uPVC double glazed window to the rear.
1043	Beeline subscribers can receive free roaming calls in any country Beeline has announced the launch of "0 in Roaming" service.
1044	Beemer, who is Wolf's inspector general and who testified against Kane, would be an easy, politically safe selection for the governor, said G. Terry Madonna, Franklin & Marshall College political science professor and pollster.
1045	“Been trying to find the words for a few days.
1046	Beer distributors, who can't sell beer in amounts smaller than a 12-pack, also don't like the law.
1047	Before he turned to the pen, Braz led a different life as an architect and urban planner, beginning his career in Kenya when his beard was still black.
1048	Before it became an army barracks in the 19th century and an arts school in the 20th century, it was a home for the poor in the 1600s.
1049	Before I tell you how to gently let them know, I must make an important distinction between being an atheist and being non-religious.
1050	Before Martelly became head of state five years ago, he was a pop star known as “Sweet Micky.”
1051	Before placing the bell inside the gazebo the county sent it to a bell maker in Missouri to have it polished, then clear coated.
1052	Before running for public office, the weekends were full of family time.
1053	Before Shepherdsville native Alexandria Mills won her first pageant as Miss World 2010, she began modeling in Kentucky at the age of 12. Shannon Schuman, who discovered Mills, told her that she was a natural born talent.
1054	Before that, many Chinese solar companies were raising big sums of money from US IPOs, with each company getting US$100 million at least.
1055	Before the frost is even on the pumpkin, the Jackson Academy Eagles have potentially punched their ticket to the postseason.
1056	Before the game, when asked about their recent struggles, junior goalkeeper, Jake Nesteruk, said the team needs to outperform what they’ve been doing.
1057	Before the league had control of the 5-acre woodsy campus, the original owner, a wealthy philanthropist, created a charitable trust, known as the Twelve Oaks Foundation, so her property would operate as an affordable home for seniors.
1058	Before we joined the EU Britain was within another trading group called the Commonwealth, amongst which were Canada, New Zealand, Australia, Ireland, South Africa and Newfoundland.
1059	Before you form an opinion, do your homework.
1060	Beginning in October, those individuals and families will be able to shop for plans through an insurance exchange and, depending on their income, will have access to subsidies to defray some or all of the cost.
1061	Beijing was admitted to the Arctic Council in 2007 as an "ad-hoc observer", as opposed to "permanent observer" status that a number of countries hold.
1062	“Being a fiscally conservative person I chose not to spend the $10 to purchase a new driver’s license.”
1063	Being a student, Childers has experienced first­hand the quality of professors at SPU as educators, as human beings and as fellow Christians.
1064	Being in a nice area makes it easier to attract good workers.
1065	"Being on tour feels like home."
1066	Belgium is also a member of the international Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering (FATF), also known as the Group d’Action Finacière sur le Blanchiment de Capitaux (GAFI).
1067	Believe it or not, the near immortal “Saturday Night Live” parodied the film’s buzz phrases.
1068	Believe it or not, there is a difference between stuffing and dressing, and it is rather simple, at least north of the Mason-Dixon line.
1069	Believe it or not, this is only the second instance in modern times that ANY incumbent judge in this county has been turned out of office.
1070	Believe me, Class of 2020: you’re not alone.
1071	Belize’s great leader, indeed its greatest leader, George Price was uncomfortable with the information about the “Battle of St. George’s Caye”.
1072	Bell is turning into a very nice every down back and can make plays all over the field.
1073	Below are some of the alarming statistics on aging.
1074	Below them they saw a starving and emaciated colt.
1075	"Benji" Joins Helen Woodward Animal Center Board of Directors!
1076	Ben Mulwa had just got out of his car after arriving at the mall for lunch with a friend.
1077	Bentley and Urban are effective as the quarreling, yet still loving brothers, while Laurence manages to come off as precocious without being irritating.
1078	Bentonville commission approves radio tower, with conditions The Planning Commission agreed to allow a group creating a community radio station to install an antenna on The Meteor Guitar Gallery downtown.
1079	Be present, and just watch the tiny flames.
1080	Be proud, and spread the word.
1081	Berkeley High students Bahareh Javaheri (left) and Ouluwam Kidane (right) rally on the steps of Sproul Hall on the UC Berkeley campus to protest the presidential election of Donald Trump on Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2016.
1082	“Bernie and Trump are pure evil and want to destroy America.
1083	Berry had three aces and eight kills, and Johnson finished with nine kills for the Lady Panthers.
1084	Beside her as Maid of Honor was friend A.J. Edmondson.
1085	Besides camping Marlow enjoyed being a salesman and meeting people, playing cards, photography and both he and Beulah very much enjoyed taking part in Bible Camp Retreats.
1086	Besides, he added: “Human-caused wildfires can divert critical resources and crews from responding to naturally occurring wildfires.”
1087	Besides her parents, she was also preceded in death by 1 son; Jason Copple.
1088	Besides Lewis, the other recipients are Kathleen Breedveld of Livermore; Susan Longini, Fremont; Sergio Suarez, Hayward; and Bruce Beasley, Ayodele Nzinga and the team of J.K. Fowler and MK Chavez, all of Oakland.
1089	Besides, since all car owners will be driving alternative-fuel vehicles in the near future, what emissions at drive-thrus are we talking about?
1090	Be sure to bring a chair or blanket on which to sit, relax and enjoy the music.
1091	Be sure to give them plenty of space and get familiar with bear safety before your trip.
1092	Be that as it may, the corruption myth came to its apogee after the 1980 military coup d’Etat ; and of course, with the famous theme : “ Rampant corruption.”
1093	Better believe, baby!
1094	Bettman also announced that an expansion bid from Quebec City was "deferred" indefinitely, allowing Las Vegas to enter the league alone in the Pacific Division.
1095	Betty brings decades of experience to the job; time she’s spent working tirelessly for children and families.
1096	Bhagwant Mann is very active and has started agitation against the allegation leveled against the Badal family.
1097	BHS staff are “shocked” after administrators announce the stores will “wind down” putting 8,000 jobs at risk including at the Surrey Quays store, Rotherhithe.
1098	Biathlon: Christiansen wins Elk River race By BRAINERD DISPATCH on Sep 26, 2016 at 10:10 p.m. Cam Christiansen of Nisswa, skiing for Nisswa Northwest Biathlon, won the 11.4km pursuit race Sunday at Elk River.
1099	Bierma and senior Katelyn Peterson are the most experienced outside hitters on the team with four incoming freshmen, including three who are redshirting, and sophomore Becca Mau.
1100	Big B's first international film? documentary March of the Penguin.
1101	Big, gnarled hands fit for working underground in potash mines or shale oil plays.
1102	Bikes require much more frequent maintenance than cars do.
1103	Bill Cypert, secretary and spokesman for the Cabot Water and Wastewater Commission, told the council last week that the commission would not oppose annexation of the ponds.
1104	Bill Murray Videobombs Kris Bryant's Postgame Interview "The comments made over the air last weekend are absolutely unacceptable," OEMC said in a statement.
1105	Bill was tasked to train the new recruits on the art of low flying target shooting.
1106	Binder adds that Edmonton's Capital Health Authority has its own $1-billion construction program, which just started last year.
1107	Biotechnology High School, in Freehold Township, is part of the Monmouth County Vocational School District.
1108	B’ is ending on a high note By Evan Binns on May 13, 2015 at 1:55 pm Parkview Elementary Principal Mike Beczkala may be stepping down after more than 20 years, but every day is paradise in his office.
1109	Bitterness plays a critical role in accepting or rejecting food (which explains a lot about kids and broccoli).
1110	Blocking Refugees Isn't the Answer Shutting our borders to Syrian refugees is a simpleminded solution to terrorist attacks that might ultimately be self-defeating.
1111	Blood: not everyone’s gift to give Women’s team on top after hockey hustle Your email address will not be published.
1112	Bloomberg quoted unnamed officials saying information prompting the alert includes communications among known terrorists intercepted by the National Security Agency in recent days.
1113	Blue Bridge’s mandate is to match early career professionals with more experienced performers.
1114	Blue Fin Capital Inc. boosted its position in shares of Kinder Morgan by 10.0% in the first quarter.
1115	Bluetooth connectivity with voice control, Adjustable speed limiter, Cruise control, EPAS, Front and rear parking sensors, Reversing camera, Traffic sign recognition, 7' touch screen, Head up Display, Internet access with app integratio..
1116	Blumenthal estimates there are 100-150 registered animals in Colorado.
1117	BML's Lawyer On Municipal Bond: Let The Buyer Beware Yesterday we told you all about the launch of the prospectus for the Municipal Development Bond.
1118	Board member Nelson commented, “The only good Himalayan blackberry is a dead Himalayan blackberry.”
1119	Board member Rob Wrenn suggested that IBI include origin-destination studies with respect to the downtown in their report to know how people who work in Berkeley get to Berkeley.
1120	Board members say the closing of the concession will have a major impact.
1121	Boating Fishing Mackay Police Secure Mackay youth enjoys catching big fish Eleven-year-old Nathan Fuller has been catching fish for “about six years”.
1122	Bob Dylan, 1966 Globe Photos/Zuma "I Want You" and "Visions of Johanna" have Dylan's most masterful singing, though from different emotional angles.
1123	Bolstered by success of the iPhone, an enormous cash hoard, Apple took over the top U.S. spot in 2012 from Exxon Mobil, and at one point in early 2015 was worth more than $760 billion.
1124	Bonita Paul’s memorial is rendered in light pink letters on the back of her tank top.
1125	Bonita Vista pulled off what some might consider a 25-30 upset win over Otay Ranch in their dual match-up on Oct. 12. The Barons found themselves in the same must-win scenario last year and pulled off a dramatic tie-breaker win to raise the banner.
1126	Bonnie raised and loved chickens - to the point of becoming known as "The Chicken Lady."
1127	Boot creche or risk suit, county told A Washington, D.C.-based legal center is telling the Baxter County government to remove a Nativity scene from the courthouse lawn to avoid a lawsuit, arguing that the display “amounts to a monument to Christianity.”
1128	Booya Fall Fundraiser for Faith in Action planned The Booya Fall Fundraiser for Faith in Action will be from 4-7 p.m. Saturday, Sept. 19, at Union Church in Hackensack.
1129	Bordered by red cloth, you would see the temples pointed to the sky in the cultural hubs of Patan, Kathmandu and Bhaktapur Durbar squares.
1130	Borgia moved to New York City in 1973 to work with the Intermedia Art Center and played guitar and sang backup with local bands.
1131	Born in Brawley, California on January 29, 1948, to Alice Jordan and Jay Parish who both preceded him in death.
1132	Born in Queens, New York, the 26-year-old Flores moved to Florida when she was a child, her sister-in-law said.
1133	Borough Manager Jeff Jabusch announced the additional delay at Tuesday’s borough assembly meeting.
1134	Boston Pizza Cornwall's new owner Paul Toor's family opted for a less tradtional ribbon cutting at the restaurant's grand opening.
1135	Both candidates also spent the hour discussing their views on women's rights and immigration reform.
1136	Both dishes are beautiful bites of summer.
1137	Both Henderson and Bowen also raved about Capstick’s character off the ice.
1138	Both industry groups and government officials argue such an exchange is necessary to prop up the country's faltering cyber defenses.
1139	Both Jones and Pantele ran effective campaigns, Palazzolo said.
1140	Both judges encouraged state officials to take additional steps to ease crowding before the three-judge panel meets.
1141	Both men are currently in the Effingham County Jail where they face charges for sexual exploitation of children.
1142	Both of my sisters had healthy boys.
1143	Both Osagyefo Kwame Nkrumah and Thomas Sankara were very upfront when articulating the role of soldiers in society.
1144	Both Peterson and Pohler say given Thunder Bay’s solid manufacturing base, transportation links, and central-Canada geographic location, there’s no reason why goods and components can’t be built locally and shipped west for final assembly.
1145	Both scored off of Schoonhoven’s double down the left field line.
1146	Both Shively and Libao ended the game with a hat-trick, three goals each.
1147	Both teams played well on defense as Jace Hardy, Austyn Mattox, Akeem Foster, Kelly Wood, Martinez, Jacob Huddleston and Henry Montiel made significant plays for the Bulldogs.
1148	Both the Minnesota House and Senate included $225,000 for the project, which will improve..
1149	"Both the music and acting industries are tough, it can be a real buzz but there are so many downs too," she says.
1150	Bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE) has been found in both countries.
1151	BOWLING: In the Allen Eiry Bowling League, Bob Reinhart had both the men’s high series (402) and score (235).
1152	Boxing needs to save itself and has made some steps to do that.
1153	Boy, 15, arrested after estate daubed with graffiti on Halloween A teenage boy has been arrested on suspicion of causing criminal damage after residents reported their estate was daubed with graffiti on Halloween.
1154	Boyd Christian may be added to the schedule as both coaches are looking at potential dates.
1155	Boyd will be remembered for his love of gardening and beautiful yard.
1156	Boyle is hoping the aquarium will bring people from all over Utah, Idaho and Wyoming to Layton.
1157	Boys also love comic books, and it is a great tool to promote literacy because it combines words and pictures in such a dynamic way,” said Ed, a former venture capitalist with Scout Ventures.
1158	BPD files two charges in the robbery of a 13-year-old South Park student Were you 'Seen' at the Firefighter Calendar release party?
1159	BP lawyers have said the plan and a cover letter outlining the revisions must come from the state, Patience said.
1160	Bragagnolo admitted that when the Eagles returned to the NOJHL as an expansion entry last fall that he “underestimated the caliber of play.
1161	Brantford’s youth pride coffee house a welcoming affair Shelter and social justice: what does Laurier know?
1162	Bravery Crash Editors Picks Maryborough Jade-Elle Brown with her bravery award.
1163	Bravo, for his part, does not recommend using cannabis while nervous.
1164	Breakfast options include a variety of egg platters, omelets and breakfast sandwiches, with an emphasis on vegetarian options.
1165	Brees also leaped and stretched the ball over the goal line in the first half for a 1-yard rushing score.
1166	Brehm Park Family Recreation Center was gifted to the town of Yucca Valley this year.
1167	Brent Snavely, DFP The front grille of the 2017 Acura NSX before it is installed onto the car at the company's Performance Manufacturing Center.
1168	Brewers confirm acquisition talks Anheuser-Busch InBev NV and Grupo Modelo SAB confirmed Monday that they are negotiating Modelo’s sale to InBev.
1169	Brightly colored paintings add a fun feeling.
1170	British judo's last Olympic success was Kate Howey's silver in Sydney The foremost of those partners is UK Sport, the agency that distributes public money to elite sport in this country.
1171	Britt Karhoff was so intent on starting Wonder Full that she began setting up the props before the houselights were even down, dragging out a large roll of flooring and weighing it down with sandbags before hauling a table into the space on her back.
1172	“Brodie Croyle is a guy I foresee playing a critical role for us as we go on.”
1173	Brooke Arndt, Roachton, Perrysburg, jewelry from 200 block of Windsor.
1174	Brooks was very impressed with Goblin Valley and had many ideas for ad campaigns among the Goblins.
1175	Brown declined to say what the teens allegedly planned to steal, but said it wasn’t random.
1176	Brown is a lifelong resident of Barrie, Ont. The Tory backbencher is a lawyer and politician who has served as an MP since 2006.
1177	Brown nearly saved the penalty earlier after guessing right and diving to her left, but Ball’s shot inside the right post was just out of reach.
1178	Browns employee commits suicide at team facility By Nate Ulrich and Jason Lloyd Published: December 2, 2012 ﻿A Browns employee commited suicide Saturday, the team confirmed this morning.
1179	Browse Categories Near Anniston, AL Check Signing & Endorsing Machines How do I get my business listed?
1180	Bruin Fall Sports Season Winding Down With the 2015 Riverbank High School sports season coming to a close soon, there are just a handful of home games left on the schedule.
1181	Bruno swept the 800-meter run as Matt Bevil ’14 won the men’s race in 1:53.50 and Bree Shugarts ’13 came in first for the women in 2:14.44.
1182	Bryan Cranston: parents' neglect was worse than a car crash Bryan Cranston almost didn’t survive his tumultuous childhood.
1183	Bryan Martyn: I'm pushing as hard as I can.
1184	Bryant has said he wants to set Washington’s minimum wage regionally, and supports increasing it in some areas of the state.
1185	Bryant managed to get a hand on the ball, but it went incomplete.
1186	Bryce Herlache is the main component to the Tigers' offense with 1,340 yards rushing and 14 touchdowns.
1187	BTM currently does not have access to municipal wastewater service.
1188	BT Sport have exclusive and comprehensive coverage of the Champions League in the UK this year.
1189	BTW, beware of free-marketeers talking up current account deficits as a sign of economic prowess.
1190	BTW, Niagara Falls has frozen on the U.S. side.
1191	Buc football coaches Randy Kuechenmeister, Brian Kokos and Travis Armstrong congratulate Olson at the signing ceremony last Wednesday.
1192	Buckeye Lake Village officials now wish they had heeded that longtime Better Business Bureau catchphase.
1193	Budinger says the town’s concerns about traffic and negative impacts on tourism were overblown and the mines have to have a reclamation plan worked out with either the landowner or the county.
1194	Buena Park approves a bond. 1999: Capistrano Unified, Santa Ana Unified and Brea Olinda Unified school districts approve bonds. 2000-01: Almost one-third of the state's kindergarten-12th-grade public school classrooms are portable.
1195	Buhari plans diversification of Nigeria’s economy in 2016 budget DPO threatens as Police nab 4 masked cultists in Asaba Comments expressed here do not reflect the opinions of vanguard newspapers or any employee thereof.
1196	Buhari seems to be going around lining up parties across the Niger behind him while PDP gets over confident.
1197	Built in 2001, it has three bedrooms, three-and-a-half baths and 4,951 square feet of living area.
1198	Buisson’s disclosures only add fuel to the fire.
1199	“Bumper to bumper on 26, very slow,” he says.
1200	Burcker said there were five monthly contests from November through March where students had to answer five math questions within a recommended time.
1201	Burglary The victims returned home to find that a burglar had entered their apartment and stolen their jewelry. April 19, 7:43 p.m. 2400 Block of Market Street.
1202	Burial followed at Westlake Memorial Park Cemetery.
1203	Burial followed in Snyelmn Sntmtmne, where Military Honors were presented.
1204	Burial was in the Trinity United Methodist Church Cemetery.
1205	Burial will be in Graceland Cemetery, Rowan.
1206	Burial will follow at Maple Grove Cemetery under the direc- tion Swearingen Funeral Home.
1207	Burial will follow services in Roselawn Cemetery.
1208	Burke Family Touched by Children’s National Smith family gets involved in Race for Every Child after son undergoes two open heart surgeries.
1209	Burke said it was impossible to tell even the sex or ages of the victims at the crash site.
1210	Burnett Custom Homes, 2550E New Holt Road, single family residence/electrical.
1211	Bursting buds from an array of deciduous trees showed a palette of soft green hues, and elsewhere blossoms were resplendent as the sun’s rays caressed their forms.
1212	Burton made progress through individual carries but couldn't string multiple phases together without conceding a penalty which Walsall would kick back and Burton had to start again.
1213	Bush appointed as the general counsel of the Food and Drug Administration a former drug- and tobacco-company lawyer named Daniel Troy.
1214	Bush lost in November, but Buchanan stayed in the game as a polemicist-politician.
1215	Bush on his legacy: I 'liberated' Iraqis As investigators work to unmask the group responsible for the Mumbai attacks, police continued to search the Taj Mahal Hotel to make sure all trapped guests have left and no terrorists remain hidden.
1216	Bush was just in it for his cronies?
1217	Business Briefcase - May 11, 2016 Welcome to the Business Briefcase, readers!
1218	Businesses and business owners are already doing great things for our schools and now Sarah Jackson will be reaching out to others to help the Lynn schools launch and maintain special academic programs that might not otherwise be funded.
1219	Business is mostly brisk, and its demography is becoming impressively cosmopolitan, which attracts both local and foreign investors to the metropolis.
1220	Bustamante can be contacted at cashmirbrand@gmail.com. The Western Trail Antiques and Marketplace is open from 10 am to 6 pm, Monday through Saturday; and 11 am to 5 pm, Sunday.
1221	But against Russia, for a multitude of reasons, Poland needed something.
1222	But again, there’s good news: All of this can be fixed in time.
1223	But all were united in one thing.
1224	But almost from the start, EPA officials were clearly telling DEQ, according to e-mails between the two agencies, that corrosion-control treatments were required, despite DEQ managers' insistence to the contrary.
1225	But at least one solar developer is looking outside it.
1226	But at least the home-nesting Cardbirds get back QB Carson Palmer from a concussion to face a Planes pass-D that hasn’t been very good and now could be missing Darrelle Revis.
1227	But at the end of the set, Killarney went ahead when six-foot-five Cougar Kit Aviso-Mor stuffed Liu at the net.
1228	“But at the same time there is potential for progress.
1229	But Ball's company takes the honey from bucket to bottle, allowing the beekeepers to access the European and North American organic market, he pointed out, with a product like no other.
1230	But Banner kept firing away, and Blake kept catching.
1231	But because she is one of the top 55 most-wanted Iraqis on the so-called deck of cards, her case requires a Pentagon review.
1232	But before these mixtures are given the green light, the government must work out regulations and indicate the percentage of ethanol or bio-diesel to be mixed with petrol and diesel.
1233	But break down the statistics into per capita use and the picture is very different.
1234	But Bryant, a retired teacher, said he wrote Hanzman a letter asking that, if the judge rules in Regalado’s favor, he order a redo of the mayoral primary without Gimenez rather than leave Regalado as the only candidate in the Nov. 8 runoff.
1235	But Carroll also fought for causes that had a huge effect on everyday people, and helped create a better way of life.
1236	But country music as a whole - do you see progress when it comes to LGBT equality?
1237	But critic and translator Hillel Halkin makes a powerful argument for “Tevye the Dairyman” as “one of the most extraordinarily Jewish religious texts of our own, and perhaps of any time.”
1238	But critics have accused him of irresponsibility, as the decision means he will disappear from the political lime light with the UK's exit from the EU, which he has long sought, looking set to become reality.
1239	BUT did I hear someone mention they drank bourbon?
1240	But don’t fret about decorating!
1241	But Elijah is a hell of a good family film, a film that should be shown in every public school in the country as soon as it is humanly possible.
1242	But enough about American politics: this is SMC.
1243	But even the most cursory reading of Australian history will reveal that the connections are neither necessary nor sufficient.
1244	But even there, people have been abandoning their seats and dancing.
1245	But everybody is copying each other.
1246	But experts in Washington are increasingly urging that U.S. strategy include concrete efforts aimed at strengthening civil society and rebuilding the Somali judiciary system, which remains dysfunctional following decades of civil war.
1247	But forgive BHS skipper Gerald Melton for hoping for just a little bit more in the postseason.
1248	But for the Thai riders, there’s a larger meaning to this Clark County visit.
1249	But for which, our existential needs would not be..
1250	But gentlemen, let me caution you that the ad’s promise of “Makes a Terrific Gift” may sound like a good idea, but it may not be received by your significant other in the spirit it was given.
1251	But here’s why they need to better their glam quotient.
1252	But here we are at the NBA All-Star break.
1253	But he said he first wants to see the text of the PA proposal for the resolution on statehood before deciding how to vote.
1254	But he said the CND is hopeful that the court will admit the case at the preliminary hearing on Monday.
1255	But he's not the only looking to bring the hammer down.
1256	But his local sentence will run concurrently with the federal plea deal he took, Smith said.
1257	But how do you craft memories or anecdotes from your life into an interesting tale?
1258	But I’d bring a better sleeping pad next time.
1259	But if not doing everything the way everybody else did makes me a maverick, what the hell?
1260	But I found it on the city's website.
1261	But, if the charge given the group is to merely gather information, without recommendation, for use by the parent governmental body in its development of public policy, the open meetings law would not apply.
1262	But if we don't push, there will be no change.
1263	But I have rarely, if ever, heard an Orthodox rabbi insulting Reform Judaism from the pulpit.
1264	But in a statement to The Associated Press on Saturday, a contrite Madonna said: "Forgive me."
1265	But increasingly, they are us.
1266	But in the meantime, they ache and, unfortunately, few methods reliably relieve the soreness.
1267	… But in this case, the purpose was something different,” Moerlein said.
1268	But in this one subcommittee there is bipartisan agreement that more government spending does indeed work and that the Indian Health Service could use more.
1269	“But I sang my first church special when I was 3 in a church in Brookhaven, Miss.
1270	But I see what he has accomplished, and under what circumstances, and I know the potential is huge for more.
1271	But Israel's policy-making levels appear oblivious to the fact that key elements of Hizballah's fighting machine against Israel have been taken over by al Qods.
1272	But it can now be a good retirement planning instrument.
1273	But, it doesn't take much for accidents to happen, something we were reminded of often over the long Fourth of July weekend.
1274	But I tired him out and reeled him in. For real.
1275	But it is also registered to a twin-engine Boeing.
1276	But it is not difficult to see who is losing on the ground due to the mind games that the brightest minds of South Asia have been playing for the past 68 years.
1277	But it’ll feature the live-action debut of Iron Fist, a martial-arts expert with the ability to summon a powerful mythical force.
1278	But it’s a lot of fun, because we’re friends.”
1279	But it’s a real turkey move for Apple to take away these basic consumer expectations and expect to get away with it.
1280	But it seems to be paying off.
1281	But it should be made permanent. 3. Covertly okay hot pursuit: If you accept that Pakistan occupied Kashmir (PoK) is part of India then what is the problem in entering it?
1282	But it's not the plot of the newest Bond flick, Skyfall.
1283	But it was a genuine thought, and that was sort of cool.
1284	But it wasn't until he was nearing retirement from the Air Force that he was able to indulge his boyhood dreams Now, Dalton owns over three thousand T-Birds.
1285	But it was part of a sting operation by Fort Lauderdale police to combat street-level prostitution.
1286	“But I’ve taught some seminars at UVic and these days I teach at a lot of private retreats.
1287	But I was closer to them, and I had a couple of dates with Ann’s roommate, and so, we got closer.
1288	But Janikowski, 35, then proceeded to have the worst season of his career statistically.
1289	But let’s give a quick thought to why Trump got it and Yellen did not.
1290	But let us take a moment to really reflect on why we have a three-day weekend.
1291	But life changed forever when the letter came.
1292	But Lord Prescott said the plan ‘fell apart as it often does in American politics because the influence domestically is too great’.
1293	But Main Street is not just for Yankee Electric’s customers.
1294	But Maria Kopiki, a Crocker Farm parent and member of Save Amherst’s Small Schools, says there’s other, better ways to archive that goal.
1295	But maybe you didn't know there were rules for flirting.
1296	But Mr. Kim has also used such overtures to extract quick economic assistance and then reverted to isolation and confrontation.
1297	But neither the suspect nor signs of his camp were discovered.
1298	But not all of the board members are amused with the program even if it was adopted unanimously because a lady board member expressed her apprehensions over the program.
1299	But not everyone was as optimistic.
1300	“But now he can stand up in front of any group with confidence.”
1301	But obviously, you've trained better one would assume.
1302	But officials believe both communities can benefit from a new partnership between their police departments.
1303	But once again an error hurt WWCS.
1304	But one moment that leads us to collectively cringe is when Rex Murphy is about to take to the airwaves.
1305	But one thing remains unchanged, according to Steen: The MS-13 is a constant threat.
1306	But on returning from court, the Sheik and Hazim's brother Faisal were ambushed just outside their villa by the other litigant, and the Sheik killed in a violent gun battle.
1307	But on the latest injury report released by Rutgers on Monday, Hamilton was listed as questionable.
1308	But other animals can smell the urine and eggs, so as many as 99 percent of nests are destroyed by predators like raccoons and foxes, typically within the first day or even first few hours of nesting.
1309	"But our defense stepped up.
1310	But recently I had the opportunity to walk the halls of an old mission.
1311	But remember that the Post had initially reported that Raines had "taken calls from Barack Obama's presidential campaign seeking his advice on mortgage and housing policy matters."
1312	But safe standing is still years away from becoming a thing in the Premier League.
1313	But safety is the primary objective – not economic development.
1314	But Saleh, who agreed to step down last month under a deal cut by his wealthier neighbours who fear civil war in Yemen will affect them, did not say when he would depart and vowed to play a political role again, this time opposed to a new government.
1315	But science has advanced in leaps and bounds since CommInsure wrote its policy.
1316	But science is not as neutral and objective as many would believe.
1317	But seeing photographs taken during Harmony's recent sea trials, it's easy to tell the bells and whistles are now in place.
1318	But seriously — who doesn’t like ranch?
1319	But since we stopped installing bike lanes here, cities across the state and country have significantly expanded their active transportation networks.
1320	But Sires said that whenever he makes that suggestion, "what they do is go out in the community and say I'm anti-Dominican or anti- Cuban or anti-Peruvian."
1321	But so far the fight over retention of five state Supreme Court justices has focused mostly on abortion and death penalty decisions.
1322	But so is courage.
1323	But some economists and tax reform advocates are questioning whether those households are rich enough to be worthy of the same tax bracket as millionaires.
1324	But some efforts are already under way to limit Asian economies' reliance on U.S. markets by increasing Asian states' own domestic consumption and developing new financial mechanisms to keep Asian savings in Asia and away from the U.S. Treasury.
1325	But some individuals are losing a big chunk of their lives.
1326	But Soria took his first blown save in nine chances with a shaky ninth inning patched together by the Twins, who ended their four-game losing streak.
1327	But state regulators were pleased in any case.
1328	But taken together, these two relatively simple online news sources will give you a good foundation for getting through the day.
1329	Butter and Rasmussen are joined by Mark Jardine and Stan Jensen, both Tenpenny alumni.
1330	Butterfield and Presler started making the hike from Massachusetts to Vermont frequently in 1976, camping in Montgomery with Preslers relatives and eventually, the couple’s four children.
1331	But Texas Tech took advantage of a mistake," said Head Coach Nicky Adams.
1332	But that is enough to prove the concept, and the USA is just as resource rich as Norway has been, and in any case the way Norway has managed their oil prevents any impact of it running out (other than minor unemployment increases if oil jobs are lost).
1333	“But that never eventuated.
1334	But that right stops short of interfering with who gets privileges at university medical facilities, what courses are offered on campuses and the job status of any professor.
1335	But that still hasn’t swayed policy makers at the IDF.
1336	But, the actor believes that he will be filming the whole day and says, “I hope to be celebrating the day doing what I enjoy doing the most — shooting.”
1337	But the Alma Mater with which the AMU community is connected to is indeed unique.
1338	But the architect, Eli Armon, didn’t take into account that there would be so many female cadets at the base, referred to as Bahad 1 and located near Mitzpeh Ramon in the south, or that so many would attend services there so regularly.
1339	But the category now no longer included farmland, timberland or publicly traded real estate trusts.
1340	But the committee did not back the resolution, circulated by the Association of Municipalities of Ontario (AMO), until amending it to remove any suggestion of such measures as an increase in the Harmonized Sales Tax (HST).
1341	But (the current seniors) stuck it out, stuck it out.
1342	But the defense stood tall in that division-clinching win, just like they did last night.
1343	But the Democrats brought forward during this budget debate on the floor of the house, something like 40 amendments and some of those amendments were raising taxes in specific areas.
1344	But the dinosaurs are pretty freaking awesome,” Garrison said.
1345	But, the fact is that "activity creep" can set in and yours truly can too easily slip into patterns of life in which prayer doesn’t have its proper, central place.
1346	But the greatest gift of all came from our friend and our governor, the beloved Bill Richardson.
1347	But their goal was to shore up the Castro regime, not to attack the United States.
1348	But their stories are made famous by what they did on the field, and there are many more people who make the decision to enroll in any of the branches of military, yet those people don’t always get the recognition they deserve.
1349	But the joint initiative de facto exists, even though these governments are well aware of their extremely limited capacity to influence events that will terribly affect their whole future.
1350	But the little guy developed an infection which led to seizures.
1351	But the locations of those viewers is a little surprising.
1352	But the man goes the distance and proves to himself that a winner is not always measured by the outcome of a bout.
1353	But then bear in mind how little we hear about progress on an even more important bridge, the one at Kazangula.
1354	But the new owners of the Garfield Court apartments are also trying — along with PDN — to get the city to do something about it,” he said.
1355	But then once I crossed the finish line I blacked out.”
1356	But the paranoia about government taking over is a repeat of the fear about social security being the beginning of socialism in this country.
1357	But the reader is left with some admiration for his fight, his will to continue although the road ahead is rutted and twisted and unmarked.
1358	But the real zombie threat is even more serious!
1359	But there are few now, and those few prefer to take the Gringos and their young new acquaintances.
1360	But there are ingredients, dishes and aesthetics that are uniquely Californian.
1361	But there are other performing artistes on the line up outside the Winky D and Seh Calaz clash who are set to thrill the fans.
1362	But there are three clear winners from the weekend’s staged assemblies of black and white Australians: John Howard, the International Olympics Committee, and the white marchers themselves.
1363	But there is a limit as to how much you can downplay this sequence of events.
1364	But there is one interesting link.
1365	But there’s more to it than just the season.
1366	But there’s more to just the superficial lovliness of these ground: there’s 128 years of history.
1367	But there’s no reason to whine.
1368	But there was no upward trend.
1369	But there were serious problems brewing all along, early signs that Kane was in over her head running an agency with 745 employees.
1370	But the ring isn't the only place he's taken his bumps.
1371	But the Scarlets answered quickly, scoring two runs of their own in the first inning and adding a third in the third.
1372	But the sexualisation of children is truly our last taboo, and Marie Darrieussecq’s latest novel, All the Way, takes us into dangerous and unsettling terrain.
1373	But the specific talent required for many positions and the talent available are not one and the same.
1374	But they are a minuscule fraction of the total number of dedicated officers and deputies serving and protecting us.
1375	" But they did get an official reply by 2pm - indeed, it was there unofficially before their eyes earlier as hundreds of German soldiers streamed down the autobahn towards the DLI waving white flags.
1376	But they might decide, for political or diplomatic reasons, to turn the person over to Dubai.
1377	But they recovered to finish 95-67 and won the AL East title.
1378	But this does not make Putin a dictator, while the United States supports many such across the globe.
1379	But those days were the exception and not the rule.
1380	But today 7news had a chance to clear up those accusations when we spoke to Pageant Organizer, Marina Welcome.
1381	But to tell it as it is leads in Australia to immediate marginalisation.
1382	But Trump’s chief policy adviser says Trump does want to see policy changes that give states and local governments more say in land management.
1383	But two recent criminal events hit home, literally.
1384	But Uganda has the Internet and NTV has a YouTube channel.
1385	But ultimately, it’s going to be the champ’s decision.
1386	But ultimately this is the fault of the voters, for they are the ones who are too lazy to research candidates and make informed decisions.
1387	But UNI was unable to put points in its column after regaining possession with 1:14 on the clock, eventually suffering its first loss of the season.
1388	But Ursinus jumped on the Garnet to start the second set, opening up a quick 8-2 lead on a series of Swarthmore errors to force a timeout.
1389	"But water quality decreased due to industry activity."
1390	But we all feel like that at times.
1391	“But we don’t need a lot of financing because we have a great balance sheet and a tremendous amount of cash.”
1392	“But we feel the need to subject the product to local independent trials before we can freely use it on Kenyans.”
1393	But we ought to try to do better."
1394	But we're gonna go little bit of a different route," he told O'Reilly.
1395	But we're sort of moving past that historic variability."
1396	But what exactly have the Braves done to be better this season?
1397	But, what is ICT?
1398	But what’s a newspaper without readers?
1399	But what the hell do you care?
1400	But what was surprising, says Orizio, is how much empathy he felt for his subjects.
1401	But when his request for a new mattress was denied, he turned to NBC..
1402	But, when I awoke early that Sunday morning it was none of the above, it was severe pain in the joint where my big left toe is attached to my foot.
1403	But when mental stimulation is a touch of the phone away?
1404	But when we had to pull Trinity, we struggled.
1405	But when you know the actual statistics of how we spend our time, measured over a lifetime, it’s really quite disturbing.
1406	But who are we leveling the playing field for, and in what direction?
1407	But, whoever collaborates with this government, one way or another, is an American agent and I can understand why the resistance eliminates him, just as I can understand why it attacks all the foreigners entering Iraq.
1408	But will she get to him before he strikes again?
1409	But will you please give your response?
1410	But Winter’s dolphin buddy, an older female dolphin named Panama, dies, and Winter is left bereft.
1411	But you cannot directly compare the two.
1412	"But you didn't date then like you do now," Mrs. Herring said.
1413	But you don't have to understand the nuances of nuclear physics to get a reasonable idea of what's going on in Fukushima.
1414	But your trip, your tropical trip!
1415	Buying directly from an insurer online or from their call centre can cost twice as much as buying though a life agent, financial adviser or a super fund.
1416	Bwalya, who is based in the US, said six board members and supporters from Love-40are are next month expected in the country to visit a charity programme in Mufulira.
1417	By 2004, that had fallen to 4.2 percent.
1418	By 9 p.m., the blaze had spread to about 3,000 acres, according to the L.A. County Fire Department.
1419	By adding a comment on the site, you accept our terms and conditions Academy of Learning - Airdrie Airdrie Waste Management Inc. Diversified Insurance Services Ltd A-Win Insurance Share your story, photo or video about something you've seen.
1420	By adding a comment on the site, you accept our terms and conditions Dairy Queen and DQ/Orange Julius Treat Centre PHD Automotive & Transmission Share your story, photo or video about something you've seen.
1421	By Anglican Video on April, 21 2014 Rare footage of life inside Gaza City, which is home to more than 1.5 million people, including 1.2 million Palestine refugees.
1422	By combining short-range ideas, like the three-month halt to repayments, with long-term alterations in the system of public higher education, we may hopefully begin to see a winning package of solutions.
1423	By contrast, ObamaCare represents a relatively minor ripple in one important stream of commerce.
1424	“By denying this reality—especially if you do so repeatedly and often—you can drive a gulf between you and the ill person.
1425	By design, the plan is supposed to end the "race for fish," improve conservation, reduce waste, and provide more economic stability for harvesters, processors and communities.
1426	By Ephrata Review on July 25, 2012 By: ROSALBA UGLIUZZA Review Correspondent, Staff Writer Aidan, Beth, Matt and Kieran White (left to right) eagerly await the time when their Latvian host child, Einars, becomes a real part of their family.
1427	By far the best on the market is the Pogoplug Safeplug.
1428	By hondurasnews.com : May 11, 2010 Former president Manuel Zelaya was in Ecuador yesterday, where he spoke with Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa, the current rotatory president of UNASUR.
1429	By hosting the shoe drive, Fierro plans to take the money and use it to purchase school supplies.
1430	By Ian Webster on January 30, 2015 As referee Gian Cavaliere looks on, Merritt Secondary’s Jaycee Chenier (12) lays up the basketball during senior girls’ hoops action against the visiting Westsyde Whundas at the MSS gym on Monday night.
1431	"By implementing this plan, we would like to regain the trust of all stakeholders including shareholders and transform ourselves into a robust business," it said in a statement.
1432	By kaluss45 (44), southampton on Sep 5, 11 7:32 PM Like Reply Report as inappropriate LOLOL, I can't stop laughing!
1433	By Lee Simpson and Kevin Little When I was eight, I spent the $2 that my grandparents gave me for my birthday on penny candy on the day I received it.
1434	“By making these improvements on an accelerated schedule TxDOT will save $457 million versus building those roads in future years.
1435	By MARTY LEITH and KENNY DUDUNAKIS "Mixed-use construction becomes a science" "Urban agriculture takes root in Seattle" "Don’t be afraid of large, long, sloping sites" "Boom!
1436	By Mike Wilson and Kelsey Dunbar MOUNT FOREST – The Mount Forest Patriots offense has woken up, as the team scored eight goals over two games this weekend.
1437	By Mitchell Anderson, 22 Feb 2016 Why the Wild Descent of Oil Is Cause for Concern Low prices once signalled good news for the global economy.
1438	By Nisaar Y. Nadiadwala I happened to visit one of my old friends who had shifted to a new house.
1439	By proposing to steal the private property rights of potential forestry investors the government has reduced the Internal Rate of Return from forest investment by at least 1.5% (government’s estimate).
1440	By the A.M. Costa Rica wire services The main expectations from the two-week United Nations Climate Change Conference about to begin in Paris are that the outcome should be a concrete plan with achievable goals from every nation that participates.
1441	By then Ozawa had already paved the way for his party’s greatest moment, a sweeping election victory that brought an end to Japan's half a century as a virtual one-party state ruled by the Liberal Democratic Party of Japan.
1442	By the time my family arrived in 1986 the morphing of Orlando was well under way.
1443	By the time this week’s issue hits the streets we should be enjoying some moderating weather which I won’t object to.
1444	By the time we all had asked questions and placed our orders, I was amazed at the skill and patience shown by our server, Jenny.
1445	By the way, our government will earn about 11 percent interest on the money loaned to bail out AIG, so this could end up being a profitable transaction for taxpayers.
1446	By the way, this policy is probably contrary to ADA.
1447	By Tom Duthie,4 Nov 2016 6.00am Hamilton 0 Dundee 1: Dark Blues end terrible run Paul McGowan came back to haunt his old club as Dundee grabbed their first win in 12 games against an uncharacteristically poor Hamilton side.
1448	By understanding this process, we could creatively distribute the knowledge to the people.
1449	Cable Bahamas Chief Operating Officer John Gomez says work continues in the capital and other islands impacted by the category four hurricane.
1450	Cadillacs from that era sell for between $75,000 to $95,000 today.
1451	Caelahn Bullen took the loss after allowing eight goals on 13 shots.
1452	Caledonia-based rock band, Raven's Fall played, food was served and children played in blow-up bouncy castles.
1453	Cal him, ask your questions and then post them here or in the forums.
1454	Called "dummkopf" because she cannot read and write, Hans takes it upon himself to teach her to read.
1455	Call for applications for film co-production fund open The Malta Co-Production Fund provides loan facilities to allow local producers to contribute to their co-finan..
1456	Call for Entries: Are You One of Canada’s Top Female Entrepreneurs?
1457	Call Gul at 416-835-4921 Classifieds Search Result in services/ handyperson category returned 12 results Get your Furnace Cleaned before winter!
1458	Call it bureaucracy or whatever term you like, the taxes needed to get an end result of $50,000 grant were much, much larger.
1459	Call Marilyn Trevethan direct, 792-8477, Realtor with Island Real Estate.
1460	Call the box office at 574-267-8041 with any questions.
1461	Calvary beat Telfair County in the first meeting before falling 5-1 in the championship game.
1462	Cambridgeport had its hearing in October.
1463	“Cambridge worked hard to stop us and that was evident by some of the challenges going in early on.”
1464	Cameron Diaz Thinks Long-Term Relationships Are "Bullsh*t" July 22, 2010..
1465	Campbell saw Measure D as a move by the firefighters' union to "add new union members."
1466	Camps cover all ages, pretty much all sports, classroom subjects and outdoor activities.
1467	Canada will trim $377 million over three years from its $5.12-billion aid envelope, but Oda argues accountability counts more to Canadians than overall dollars and cents.
1468	Canadian cyclist uses his noodle for bike safety Toronto bicyclist Warren Huska told the Toronto Star he was tired of dangerous drivers on his commute, so he created his own bumper.
1469	Canadians have to deal with our own divisive politics.
1470	Can anyone honestly say the plight of these two individuals isn't the very thing we need to debate in the 2016 provincial election campaign?
1471	Can Chicago P.D.'s Linstead Live Happily Ever After?
1472	“Candice and Kelly did an awesome job writing the grant,” said Stai.
1473	Candidates running for governor of the state of Vermont should be talking about, ‘What is Channel 3 doing?’
1474	Can you tell me about the song ‘Winter’?
1475	CAPRICORN (Dec. 22 to Jan. 19): You could become obsessed with an alluring person and find it difficult to focus.
1476	Captain Asmat Mehmood from his residence in Karachi after a medical report found he was intoxicated with high levels of blood alcohol and fatigued during the NL-142 Karachi to Lahore flight.
1477	“Cap’t Vic had an inspection last Thursday,” said Castrodad.
1478	Cardinal George died April 17 at the Residence.
1479	Caretaker boss Keith Draper took over reins following the departure of Kevin Kingham and made an immediate impact.
1480	Caring for your body need not involve fabulously expensive products — like many things in life simplicity often wins.
1481	Carlton Scroop company rolls out pitch competition for Grantham groups Jacob Parnham, 7, helps roll out Fineturf's Space2Play scheme.
1482	Carol E. Isaacson, 84, formerly of Lauderdale, died Sept. 28. A lover of the outdoors, she enjoyed many outdoor activities, including fishing and bird watching.
1483	Carpenter’s homer was the 15th by a St. Louis pinch-hitter this season, a major league record.
1484	Carrie is begging to go to the prom and her mom says, “They’re all going to laugh at you.”
1485	Carroll said he is going to study the best use for the money.
1486	Cars Ink has earned the respect of thousands of loyal customers throughout the Southeast.
1487	'Carson Killingsworth (manager at Balance) knows everybody's name.
1488	Car Torque: They're all at it: Two more carmakers launch electric vehicle brands Mercedes-Benz parent company Daimler has officially launched its emissions-free EQ strain of vehicles.
1489	“Casablanca sold out, so this was a wonderful experience.”
1490	Casa Picasso in San Pedro: Tasting the Entire Menu at One of the Very Best Restaurants in Town Casa Picasso, a personal favorite of mine in San Pedro, re-opens today and well…someone’s got to test the new menu, right?
1491	Case for a review of the working of the institutions and for urgency of political reforms is unassailable, he asserted.
1492	Cashier at Sobeys and that lasted about two weeks, not even.
1493	Casting large baits is leading to lots of follows.
1494	Catch a ride on a free park shuttle bus instead.
1495	Catch McKnight at The Addition from December 18-21; tickets range from $45-85.
1496	Caterpillar 2Q Profit Falls 43 Percent; Cuts Outlook Second-quarter earnings at Caterpillar fell 43 percent as dealers cut inventories more than the company expected.
1497	Catholic Charities, along with all of the Diocese of Des Moines offices, has moved to the Ruan Building just a block away and across the street at 7th & Grand!
1498	Catholic Charities also partners with Share Our Strength Foundation, ConAgra Foods Foundation and The J.R. Albert Foundation to help pay for the program.
1499	Catholic theologians also find the scientific arguments for evolution fully compatible with the view that God creates through evolution.
1500	• Cathy Osman and Tim Segar, painting and sculpture (Marlboro).
1501	Cats are territorial so they'd all be fighting over putting their scents on it.
1502	Cattle starved or fell dead with bellies full of dirt, and farm foreclosures became more and more frequent.
1503	Cave Tubing, Zip-lining, Spear Fishing, Snorkeling, Diving, I dove the Blue Hole.
1504	CBTRUS estimates that of the children between the ages of zero and 19 with a malignant tumor, 540 will die of their disease in 2014.
1505	CCC: 2246, 898. (Each Bishop’s first task is teaching the Faith (CCC 888), and to date in the USA catechesis has been rotten based upon the lack of knowledge of the Faithful.
1506	Cedar Park, No. 1 in the state, beat Georgetown, 47-7, Friday night while Vandegrift demolished Leander, 49-3, and Vista Ridge overwhelmed Georgetown East videw, 59-14.
1507	Celebrating Tonganoxie Elementary School Former students, teachers and other community members will get the chance to relive decades of memories later today.
1508	Cell service is spotty.
1509	Centennial Bank and Trust takes a swipe against breast cancer Centennial Bank and Trust has rolled out its Pink Ribbon Debit Card program through the month of October at all 17 locations.
1510	Center Myles Turner returns after a stellar rookie season in which he averaged 10 points a game during the postseason.
1511	CENTERVILLE United Methodist Church, 1044 Centerville Road, Bedford, will serve an all-you-can-eat..
1512	Certainly, in consolidated democracies, whose economies can be considered as what they should really be, responsibility can take concrete shapes and represents the starting and ending point in many situations.
1513	"Certainly the recommendations specifically go to perceived anomalies or ambiguity perhaps between the laws of the game and our playing regulations for Sheffield Shield cricket.
1514	“Certainly, we are below the state average,” Miller said.
1515	Chamber members submitted nominations to a committee.
1516	Chances are even the adoring fans in the audience wouldn’t consider them sexy, no matter how impossibly sculpted their bodies are.
1517	Chance says, “It really is!
1518	Changsha Tongcheng was founded and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 1996.
1519	Chapman, father to four children in the military, said it was important for him to have the Loudoun County Sheriff's Office recognize Falke's work on behalf of veterans, and that he is proud of his agency's efforts to hire veterans.
1520	Charitable trustees should all be elected, ASCC agrees unanimously A proposal that all members of Shetland Charitable Trust should be elected was agreed unanimously at today’s biannual meeting of the Association of Shetland Community Councils (ASCC).
1521	“Charlotte’s dating scene sucks,” Nicole said.
1522	Check local listings or watch online (8–8:30 Eastern).
1523	Check the guidance and make sure you're not caught out.
1524	Cheer yourself up with stories of bad dates Romance is in the air, and to some, it’s not a pleasant smell.
1525	Chelsea Davidson, president of the Jepson Student Government Association, argued that the process should stay within the university, but the deans' offices should separate academic and sexual assault proceedings.
1526	Cheryl Mills, counselor to Hillary Clinton, stressed that the administration hoped to avoid getting pulled into a military security role, although she also did not rule it out.
1527	Chestnut went dog for dog with the king before the reigning champ edged out the challenger, 53¾ to 52 in a nail-biter.
1528	Chiao returned to Taiwan and made a living by repairing violins, gradually establishing a reputation and connections in the local market.
1529	Chiarelli was disappointed but not heartbroken.
1530	Chicagoans are quick to brag about their hot dogs, and the one at Chicago’s Catch dutifully hews to tradition.
1531	Chief Olusegun Osoba asked him to sit and address the meeting as one of his legs was hurting him but he responded: “How can I sit to address my leaders?
1532	Chief Warrant Officer 3 Lisa Stansbury, a former contest winner, used arts and crafts to help overcome the anxiety of returning home from deployment.
1533	Child and youth Nights Alive, free drop-in recreational program for youth, ages 12-18, Saturday nights from 8 p.m. to midnight at Gyro Youth Centre.
1534	Children ages 8 and older can assemble this easy-to-build robot, which will move around on the floor and change direction when it bumps into something.
1535	Children are welcome, even babies in carriages.
1536	Chillingworth recounted how she rose from her teller position through seeking out an education by taking night classes, although she had to sacrifice precious time with her son by doing so.
1537	China is hungry it doesn't care what the world thinks and that is not good.
1538	China's growing presence in Pakistan reduces America's capacity to punish Pakistan, for example, by withdrawing support for American-built fighter aircraft.
1539	China Tells Sri Lanka: We Want Our Money, Not Your Empty Airport Sri Lanka has a debt problem.
1540	Chi Phi’s national organization recommended the chapter establish a separate advisory board in addition to the board of its house foundation, a change Bachenheimer said he thinks is a good practice for any fraternity.
1541	Chippewa County man heads to jail for shooting family pets in front of kids By news@piercecountyherald.com on May 7, 2009 at 9:00 a.m. A Chippewa County man who killed six family pets while kids watched will spend nine months in jail.
1542	Chocolate, on the other hand, may actually make you more horny.
1543	Chris Gooch took fifth in the 300 meter intermediate hurdles, and Kevin Kelly was sixth in the 3200-meters.
1544	Chris Grumley will emcee, Miller Electric will supply the electrical hookup expertise and BOC Productions will provide the sound system.
1545	Christine Anu adds her voice to campaign against domestic violence Christine Anu and LIOR, rehearsing at Sydney Grammar School with a choir of 900 volunteers for a 'performance experience'.
1546	Christopher said he prepared by studying words from the Internet and about the difficulty he said, “Most of these words I already knew.
1547	Chris Ware cware@herald-leader.com Zoo animals get a Halloween surprise Siri, what should I wear for Halloween?
1548	Chris was a good speaker, so good that you didnt realize how good he was because he was so conversational.
1549	Chronically underfunding town needs often leads to emergency situations that the municipality must react to, Elwell explained.
1550	Churchill’s Edens, Arthur-Williams Compete at Capital Classic Edens scores 11 in win, Arthur-Williams grabs 7 rebounds in defeat.
1551	CIMCO offers systems designed to optimize energy usage through proprietary products such as ECO CHILL®.
1552	Cindy Anderson, spokeswoman for the Delta School District, told the Now, “We are adhering to what we are allowed to do.
1553	Cindy Chavez is a prolific fundraiser for everything from private school scholarships to breast cancer walks, and she is legendary for asking developers to cough up money for unfunded district projects as a condition of getting their projects approved.
1554	Cities such as Deraa, Baniyas and Madaya were "blockaded" with the use of heavy artillery and military vehicles, including tanks and mortars, the report said, and those who left their homes to find food were often killed or injured by sniper gunfire.
1555	Citizens of one EU27 member state who acquired citizenship in another member state accounted for eight per cent of the total.
1556	Citric acids work well in preserving natural green colour and freshness."
1557	City entrepreneur Maurice Rollins has once again agreed to match large donations through his Maurice Rollins Leadership Challenge.
1558	City magistrates heard that the 30-year-old shouted: "Have some pizza for your birthday, Jack.
1559	City Manager David Ready said West Elm modern furniture and home décor will be the first new business of the project to have its soft opening in September.
1560	City Manager Joe Felz is recommending that the council hire Michael Gennaco, a specialist in examining law-enforcement agencies and the chief attorney for the Los Angeles County Office of Independent Review.
1561	City of Dana Point (949) 248-3530 It looks like we don't have any events for this date.
1562	City officials say the vote did not approve any..
1563	City politicians, including Pleasanton's very own Pardee promoting, Lorraine Dietrich-equivalent mayor, still don't get that this is a city issue.
1564	Civil protection officials said they expect the number of people needing assistance to continue to rise, as it doesn't count the many people who slept in vehicles or made other arrangements and are likely to seek help.
1565	Civil society organisations are putting pressure on government to do more in order to arrest the killers of Njauju who was brutally murdered in July and his half buried body was found near presidential villas in Lilongwe.
1566	Cizek trailed 3-down on the front nine and made a big putt on hole no. 10 to keep it that way before mounting a charge.
1567	Claims may be presented in care of the attorney for the Estate addressed as follows: Melva Stanfield, c/o Ronald L. Adams, Brackett & Ellis, P.C., 100 Main Street, Suite 400, Fort Worth, Texas 76102-3090.
1568	Claire Anderson and Steven Woodruff, who are renovating a vacant building on Slater Avenue, said they were glad to get back to work on Wednesday.
1569	Claremont Crescent will also have controls in place from 4pm to 9pm.
1570	Claret.1882 I see Jordan Rhodes has already got his snorkel and flippers on.
1571	Clarke had the game-winning RBI.
1572	Clarksdale comes to town fresh off a 20-14 victory over New Hope.
1573	CLASS 3A: Jessieville (33-0) plays it perfectly Jessieville Coach Matt Carter will finally get a chance to experience what it’s like to play for a state championship.
1574	Classifieds Cars & Vehicles Cars & Vans for Sale Economy cars for sale Economy drive cars Classifieds related to: Economy drive cars 2012 reg, 65815 miles, Manual 1968cc Diesel, 3 door Hatchback, GREY.
1575	Claude was captain of the football team at Coffee County High School in the 1950’s and was known for his sense of humor and being quite the prankster.
1576	“Clean up your diet.
1577	Clearly some organizations in Georgia are still concerned, notwithstanding that provision.
1578	Clementine Marketing & Design Areas served: Bournemouth, Christchurch, Dorchester, and 2 others.
1579	Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James dunks during the first half of the team's NBA basketball game against the Washington Wizards, Friday, Nov. 11, 2016, in Washington.
1580	Click, clicketty click, oh my boys it isn’t slow.
1581	Click for More > Disasters Main Event: 2008 quake killed 5,33..
1582	CLICK HERE to browse all levels of seating for The Weeknd concerts at CapitalCityTickets.com. CapitalCityTickets.com stocks all levels of seating and price ranges to all The Weeknd concerts!
1583	Click here to check out my Flickr photoset of various screenshots.
1584	Click Here to comment on this article Women who enter menopause before age 45 are more likely to have cardiovascular problems and to die younger than women who enter menopause later in life, according to a new analysis.
1585	Clinard said Dufner's accomplishments have played a role in recruiting golfers to play for Auburn.
1586	Clinton collapsing with pneumonia (remember that?) hadn’t helped.
1587	Clinton, having successfully baited Trump into first defending his fat-shaming of Machado, and then revealing a prurient interest in her sex life, called her opponent “unhinged” Friday on Twitter.
1588	Clinton says Trump was rooting for the housing market to collapse.
1589	Clinton took to the podium and delivered a fiery speech promising the people of Flint they would not be forgotten.
1590	Clock ticking on 2009 Wexford budget The clock is ticking.
1591	Close call like that, you have to let the dealer take the chance on going bust.’
1592	Club meeting and training times remain the same – 7.15pm on Tuesday and Thursday evenings.
1593	Coaches sent him over the boards time and time again, particularly during overtime periods.
1594	Coach Meghan Sobotta says that the sky is the limit for this squad after an impressive fall season.
1595	Coastal Transportation & Storage sponsored two hole-in-ones with a prize of $5,000 while Comox Fire Rescue raised almost $500 by providing hot dogs, pop and water for donations.
1596	Coated with PPST 250 and DuPont Lumivia, an Also coated to protect the seed against soil-borne diseases and insects.
1597	COCHECTON CENTER, NY — Apple Pond Farm & Renewable Energy Education Center will hold a repeat of its hands-on ricotta cheesemaking course on Saturday, July 18 from 10:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. Reservations cost $40.
1598	Cockrell has maintained a weighted 4.36 GPA in the classroom.
1599	Co-directed by Oscar-nominees Heidi Ewing and Rachel Grady (for Jesus Camp), Norman Lear: Just Another Version of You is an intriguing retrospective offering a revealing peek inside the mind of a pivotal figure in the evolution of American culture.
1600	Coetzee won the prize the year Soueif was shortlisted.
1601	Coffee morning: Saturday’s coffee morning at the institute will be a fundraiser for Martin House Hospice based in Boston Spa.
1602	Cofield, 47, the Sacramento apprentice, has about three years to go before he’ll earn top dollar as a journeyman in the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers.
1603	Coles Ferry 20, Carroll-Oakland 13 Easton Drennon finished with five points for Coles Ferry while Colby Jones and Easton Spurlock each scored four; Dalhonte Covile-Gray, Kalib Gilbert and Ford Graviss two apiece and Garrett Oliver a free throw.
1604	Colker sat down to talk with the LookOut News about the creation of “OVO,” a production that debuted in Quebec in 2008 and has been touring ever since.
1605	Collaborating with stakeholders to build respect in surgery is one of RACS’ core commitments in its Action Plan: Building Respect, Improving Patient Safety.
1606	College students across the state protested throughout the night.
1607	» Collier Enterprises announced plans to build Big Cypress, a 2,800-acre community in eastern Collier County.
1608	Collins called the attacks "a wake up," not only for her, but the rest of the country.
1609	Collins isn’t up for re-election until 2020 but comes from deep blue Maine.
1610	Colonists attempted to recoup financial losses through the courts, but Brother XII never appeared when summoned.
1611	Color garners results significantly in excess of its incremental cost. 10. Color offers a competitive advantage both building your brand and jumping out of the page.
1612	Colton Goodlet qualified in the shot put with a fourth-place finish and the 3,200 relay team of Nathan Wilson, Bryce Yount, Crockett, and Jack Cogan took second place.
1613	Columbia University has become inundated by e-mail denouncing Professor DeGenova’s comments.
1614	Combine all ingredients in a pot and then cover with water.
1615	Come December, two days before my birthday, I should be walking across that stage and claiming my degree.
1616	Come on out and meet a local — there will be a ton of them there!
1617	Comes with Giant tires, t more..
1618	Come to Highland Farm to blow people away with your shade garden.
1619	Comey told a congressional panel July 7 that he was "not qualified" to say whether Clinton had lied to the American people and that he would not "get in the business of trying to parse and judge her public statements."
1620	Coming from a political background, he holds very passionate beliefs about politics and social concerns, both here and in Honduras.
1621	Coming in at second with 15,290 votes or 17.44 percent was Zuki Ellis (right), 41, a parent trainer for St. Paul Federation of Teachers’ Parent Teacher Home Visit Project.
1622	COMMENTARY: Easy to tell these batting champs apart Strange as it seems that two guys with the same name could win batting titles in the same season, it’s hardly the happy coincidence it sounds like.
1623	Comments (1) Jonathan Blum has a 10-year retrospective coming up Art: The Park Slope artist may be the most prolific painter in the city.
1624	Comments (3) W’burg club owner in dance battle with the city Music: This attorney and barkeep wants his patrons to be able to shake a leg, many legs, in fact.
1625	Comments by Russia's foreign minister reiterating the major producer's willingness to meet if there was consensus among the OPEC and non-OPEC members, also reignited hopes of a deal to trim output and helped to boost prices.
1626	Comments: Ms. Nell Bradley, citizen, asked if the contract was for Janitorial Products and was it an error of listing it as such; Mr. Barnes said it was for Fork tools.
1627	Commission candidate to address campaign signs calling her ‘harlot’ A New Hanover County commission candidate plans to hold a press conference to address recent campaign signs that have shown up around the county against her.
1628	Commissioner Brimner made a motion to approve to send a letter signifying their interest to the University of Florida; second by Commissioner Langston.
1629	Commissioner Chris Harris suggested creating a process where charities could apply to be considered for inclusion in the mailings.
1630	Committee offers ways to improve student health The Valley Park building houses Ketchikan’s two charter elementary schools.
1631	Commonwealth's Attorney Tom Wine has said the allegations from the book cause "grave concern to me and this community."
1632	Community banks from highly populated states such as New York and California were not included in the survey, which focused on more rural towns.
1633	Community, Editorial & Opinion, We Must Understand, What's HappeningBy aframnews Roy Douglas Malonson, Publisher of African-American News&Issues We MUST Understand that everything that sounds good to you ain’t good for you.
1634	Community has been dropped from the name because, I believe, of the move to being a four-year school.
1635	Community Health Centers of Burlington The mission of the Community Health Centers of Burlington (CHCB) is to improve the health of all within the communities we serve.
1636	Community Stories SEE MORE Up to 82% off Studio Recordings Up to 82% off Studio Recordings Preventative health care for dogs and cats Drew Brees-led Saints look to keep momentum..
1637	Community writing group.
1638	"Companies have a corporate responsibility for society.
1639	Compared to September 2012, the median price of a house that was sold last month was up 20 percent, and it was 27 percent higher for a condo.
1640	Competition for positions is wide open,” said Coach Dorr.
1641	Complains about Massachusetts.
1642	Complete construction projects include Lincoln Middle School's parking lot, which was completed ahead of schedule in May, McGill Elementary's heating, ventilating, and air conditioning installation, and additions to San Angelo Stadium's lighting.
1643	Compromising on art was a little more difficult.
1644	Concerned Americans trying to find their voices, and a way to channel their disgust.
1645	Condolences for the family may be made at www.shannonfuneralhomes.com. Arrangements by Shannon Funeral Home Town Chapel, Bradenton.
1646	Condolences for the family may be posted online at www.cloydfuneralhome.com. Gladys Marie Egeland Hagerty, 83, of Hermiston Oregon, passed away peacefully, Saturday August 27,2016.
1647	Condolences may be e, mailed to the family through dengelmortuary@sbcglobal.net. How do you prefer to give back during the holidays?
1648	Condolences may be sent to the family by visiting: www.stevensonandsons.com. This weekend daylight savings time will shift an hour of sun from the evening to the morning.
1649	Confident of faring well, BSP czarina Mayawati promised not to repeat the mistake of building statues of herself and of Dalit icons, which contributed to her downfall in the last elections.
1650	Congratulations go out to Gary Korven for his hole- in- one on No. 17 a couple of weeks ago Next Sunday is the Toronto Dominion Bank Irish Four Ball event.
1651	Congress has to defund these Insane Bastards.
1652	Congressman Bill Shuster attended the ribbon cutting and released the following statement after the event: “This moment has been over thirty years in the making and I am pleased to say that today, Interstate 99 is finally and completely open for business.
1653	Conifer needles have a very waxy coating that slows their drying out, delaying browning, diagnosis and pre-emptive action.
1654	Connection: close X-Powered-By: PHP/5.6.25 Server: cloudflare-nginx CF-RAY: 304ab488619e2d53-TXL Be first to read MaltaToday and save 40% with our digital edition.
1655	Connectivity is vital for realizing the full potential of trade and commerce between our countries,” Modi said after the talks at a joint media appearance with Rahmon.
1656	Connect with her on Twitter @fsjennawilson.
1657	“Consequently, the current intake of applications to RED (which opened Jan. 16, 2016) has been suspended and the program will not be accepting any applications until the restructured program is re-launched,” a government news released stated.
1658	Conservative Party leader Stephen Harper has taken a different, but equally expensive approach, promising to cut the hated Goods and Services Tax from seven percent to six percent immediately and to five percent within five years.
1659	Considered the landmark of Shamakhi, it is the only building that withstood giant earthquakes.
1660	“Considering the nominal inventory currently available and little turnover we are anticipating it’s going to continue to be a tight winter market.”
1661	Consider signing up for e-mail alerts from your favorite retailers to receive notification of sales and coupons not readily available to everyone.
1662	Consider telling her that you know how hard visiting him is for her and, in the future, she should just tell you what she needs from you to make things easier.
1663	Consiglio stated that some of the issues in front of the court have been raised before and that they should not be litigated again.
1664	Consistency and leadership is key on the young team, as they look to the always threatening, and major league leading, Cordero and his 47 saves to finish the tough close games that at one segment of the season were the Nationals strong point.
1665	Consistent with the style, this Adambier is a full-bodied beer.
1666	Constantino was survived by his wife, Bettina, one son and two daughters, his mother, a brother John residing in Pennsylvania, and three brothers in Italy.
1667	Construction is slated to begin soon on the new Welden development off Hwy. 66 South and Old Salem Road and developers expect to have roofs up in what will be the first of several neighborhoods in the 385-acre community by this summer.
1668	Construction is slated to start during the spring of 2008.
1669	Construction of the new facility should start this fall.
1670	Construction on Medina Dam began in November of 1911, with 3,000 laborers, many brought in from Mexico, and was completed a year later at a cost of $1.5 million.
1671	Construction shade cloth can be easily erected on perimeter construction fencing and temporary construction fencing, as well as scaffolding towers.
1672	Construction should begin within two weeks with a completion date set on or before March 31. "Some grant money was left over due to bids coming in under the projected cost estimate," House said.
1673	Contact Edwards Lakeside Veterinary Clinic to schedule your pet’s appointment with our veterinarian in Mississauga.
1674	Contact form for One Acapulco Costera Registering gets you access to online content, allows you to comment on stories, add own reviews of restaurants and events, and join in the discussions in our community areas such as the Recipe Swap and other forums.
1675	Contentiously relegated from the winner’s stall after Chris Waller’s Preferment was awarded the Cup on protest, the Corstens’ combine and their owners were bereft.
1676	Content-Length: 102146 Accept-Ranges: bytes Date: Thu, 24 Nov 2016 14:33:57 GMT X-Varnish: 792008532 Connection: close We want you to enjoy your visit to our website.
1677	Content-Length: 10330 Connection: close Last-Modified: Wed, 16 Dec 2009 05:47:57 GMT Accept-Ranges: bytes December 16, 2009 Iloilo City, Philippines Read past issues or search for articles from our archives.
1678	Content-Length: 160177 Accept-Ranges: bytes Date: Mon, 07 Nov 2016 08:47:51 GMT X-Varnish: 3853675239 Connection: close We want you to enjoy your visit to our website.
1679	Content-Length: 31264 Accept-Ranges: bytes Date: Wed, 09 Nov 2016 09:32:01 GMT X-Varnish: 149012698 Connection: close Alloa and Hillfoots Advertiser - click2find - home Over 371,000 businesses and more than 10,000,000 customers.
1680	Content-Length: 71462 Connection: close Cache-Control: private X-AspNet-Version: 2.0.50727 X-Powered-By: ASP.
1681	Content-Length: 7496 Connection: close Last-Modified: Sat, 08 Dec 2012 02:24:19 GMT Accept-Ranges: bytes August 25, 2010 Iloilo City, Philippines Read past issues or search for articles from our archives.
1682	Content-Length: 88671 Accept-Ranges: bytes Date: Sat, 19 Nov 2016 17:16:07 GMT X-Varnish: 446466868 Connection: close We want you to enjoy your visit to our website.
1683	Content-Length: 89209 Accept-Ranges: bytes Date: Thu, 10 Nov 2016 10:03:53 GMT X-Varnish: 4088741265 Connection: close We want you to enjoy your visit to our website.
1684	Contrary to some opinions, it appears that the homeless campers are there mostly by choice.
1685	Contrary to the idea that the threat originates mainly from outside, research shows that 85% of fraud is caused by employees and other insiders.
1686	"Conveniently located off I-385 at Exit 27, our new Fairfield Inn and Suites has everything you need for your business and leisure travel including free Wi-Fi, free breakfast, and functional work space," continues Ms. Halley.
1687	Conventional wisdom, given the Isles' relative depth at the centre position, is that Barzal is more likely to be returned to Seattle in the WHL but the party line out of Brooklyn is no thought has been given to that.
1688	Coody, on the other hand, was the middle child of three boys.
1689	Cooking has had a good share of his life in the woods, but the early days were invested in the fishin’ business, which, he says, never made a millionaire of him.
1690	Cooling off in and around the water.
1691	Cooper said that since that incident, measures have been put in place to help reduce the risk of it happening again.
1692	Coq au vin (game hen in red wine sauce with duck bacon) and monkfish Provencal are delightful choices as well.
1693	Corliss has stuck to this philosophy since he began Malibu Makos as a 22-year-old in 1990.
1694	Corps engineers had known for years that the mostly earthen levees holding back Lake Pontchartrain were designed to protect the city from a weak Category 3 hurricane - not a Category 4 with Katrina's punch.
1695	Corruption has been normalised.
1696	Cosmonaut in reply to MagicMoneyFrog Dec 23rd 2013 4:04 GMT Surely the Middle East and China are different enough that you can't say that for sure?
1697	Cote said that in his dozen years as a Brookfield resident he's been involved in community life through his church, Little League and the YMCA.
1698	Cotten said he compared the building height maximum to that of other similar college towns.
1699	Could not be more ready for Los Angeles, two more weeks.
1700	Could this be you – or your mother?
1701	Could we potentially create new public funding streams to support artists and the infrastructure necessary to support them?
1702	Could we still find the "liberals" in PAS today?
1703	Coultas: Nope, hundred percent, Roark.
1704	Council directed staff to gather information and set a public hearing for February on prohibiting truck traffic.
1705	“Council has listened to the community who have told us they want a family friendly event in Bendigo on New Year’s Eve and this year they will have the option of attending the pool party and early fireworks.”
1706	Councillor Bill Cox, in his relatively new role as Recreational Committee Chair, brought forward a proposal that a storage building at the Denbigh Ball field that has not been in use for many years, be emptied and then destroyed.
1707	Councillor Todd Morgan commented that he is all in favour of setting aside the money, and that an organizational committee needs to get together.
1708	Council manager-turned-author Leeanna Morgan is enjoying phenomenal success selling her romance novels online.
1709	Councilman Chris Morrow said June 25 he had not been updated on the progress of the administrator search, nor the number of applications received.
1710	Council member Dave McClung said the city needed to study the current zone to make a determination on the possible impacts of making a change.
1711	Councilor Terry Mooney said, “I can’t imagine that any seller would give a different answer.”
1712	Council President Barb Johnson said the shooting Monday evening was a “continuation of a stressful time for the neighbors that live in the area surrounding the Fourth Precinct,” adding that “they deserve some peace and some rest.”
1713	County Executive Kathe Donovan also honored Past Rotary International Director Ray.
1714	County Manager George W. Devanney also proposed in his 2008 executive budget address several other fiscal reforms aimed at providing relief in the budget, which were also adopted by the committee.
1715	County stars take part in golf event FOXFIRE VILLAGE -- Southern Nash claimed the ninth-place spot in the team standings at last week’s Class 3-A Girls State Golf Championships at the Foxfire Resort and Golf Club West Course.
1716	Courses on the Crusades and the Holocaust have been canceled in Europe, and in American textbooks, the history of Islam has been thoroughly whitewashed.
1717	Courtemanche can squat 530 pounds and bench press 350, according to the running back.
1718	Covert processes do have an invaluable and necessary role in policy execution, but cannot be a substitute for political policy-making.
1719	Cowell said improvement was requested by residents who face water issues there, but Malke was concerned that they would be creating another dangerous situation in which vehicles, including city snow plows, would need to back out of a dead end alley.
1720	Cowichan Secondary School parents are furious with the school district for attempting to quickly push through a plan to split the dual-campus high school in half.
1721	Cowra trainer Paul Braddon’s one-year-old black dog Falcon’s Fury ($1.50) won by almost four lengths in the fifth qualifying heat (520 metres) for Monday’s semi finals.
1722	Craigan expects the federal government will take its time to implement the recommendations it could move forward with.
1723	Craigslist is a very popular online website which allows anyone to post a "classified ad" completely for free.
1724	Creating a community improvement plan for both communities to boldly face the future is a tremendous opportunity.
1725	Credit Suisse began coverage on Avery Dennison Corp in a research report on Friday, April 22nd.
1726	"Credit to Kenny Kane for having ice in his veins," head coach Jeff Pukszyn said.
1727	Crews reportedly stopped the train and fixed a missing valve or cap responsible for the spill.
1728	Crews take advantage of unseasonably warm temperatures Tuesday to finish the planting in the rain garden at the CA&C Depot.
1729	Crickets as food are usually destined for the novelty candy shelf, preserved in lollipops or next to the worm larvae dusted in nacho cheese powder.
1730	Crime and terrorism have affected the Olympics.
1731	Critics also point to construction temporarily closing the Landmark Theater and displacing the Habitat Museum.
1732	Critics challenged multimember districting in court, armed with the noble premise of one person, one vote, and the system was overturned, banished now for some 27 years.
1733	Critics say their alleged victim, known only as Jackie, was discouraged from pressing charges to protect UVA's reputation, and now Sullivan says her first concern is student safety.
1734	“Crockett has never won a game there.
1735	Crowdfunding, using fans as financiers, was touted as a popular, relatively simple, and inexpensive form of collecting funds for film productions.
1736	Crows have advanced learning abilities New Caledonian crows can learn to use new types of tools, a new study has claimed.
1737	Cruz and Lee were two of the three Armed Services members to oppose the bill in committee.
1738	Cruz’s tea party-fueled, come-from-behind trouncing of David Dewhurst in the Senate race last year has provided him a gravitational pull that is moving GOP candidates further right and producing scores of would-be first-time officeholders.
1739	CSPS also welcomed officers from the Sultan Haji Hassanal Bolkiah Institute of Defence and Strategic Studies (SHHBIDSS) under the Ministry of Defence, and the Royal Brunei Armed Forces (RBAF) Defence Academy.
1740	C. Stewart as vice president, located at 467-471 High Street selling “furniture, carpets, etc.”
1741	“Cuba would not have been able to undertake this project from a technical or economic point of view,” economist Esteban Morales told IPS.
1742	Cuprill will be teaching country and two-steppin’ lessons before turning her new students loose when Palomino Shakedown hits the stage.
1743	Curious what that might be?
1744	Currently almost 600 members make up the Boards of Directors that manage the 62 hunting, fishing, and recreational ZECs in the province.
1745	Currently, he is the Identity Evangelist for strong authentication vendor Yubico, where he writes and edits a blog, as well as, directs several …social media channels and represents Yubico at the FIDO Alliance.
1746	Currently, he said he is taking advantage of going to school for free, which is one of the many benefits of the Navy, he said, as he is working on obtaining an associate’s degree in Criminal Justice through the Navy.
1747	Currently Iowa is the only state in the nation that has both an accredited four-year and two-year school.
1748	Currently, it is holding a fundraiser for veterans in the lead-up to Remembrance Day.
1749	Currently, the Commission is funded for a staff of seven-point-six, including a lawyer and an investigator.
1750	Currently, this program does have some openings.
1751	Current page Related Articles1 Why would anyone want to date Prince Harry?
1752	Curt Knox has always maintained that "Common Sense is missing from this case, that there is not one molecule of Amanda’s DNA in the crime scene.
1753	Customer are issued a special card to use at the station.
1754	Customers can also choose to have their packages held at FedEx locations.
1755	Cyber Attacks on Small Businesses on the Rise According to experts, cyber hackers view small businesses as a soft, easy mark versus big blue chip companies which have ramped up their cyber firewalls.
1756	Cyclists can opt to ride varying distances between Columbus and Athens and back.
1757	Cynthia Lindsey) has gone above and beyond the call of duty to help with him and when the time came and the most humane thing to do became the only option, Dr. Lindsey held him while he fell asleep which is far from the call of duty.
1758	Cyprus received expressions of interest from ENI, Total, Statoil, Exxon Mobil, Qatar Petroleum, and Cairn in a licensing round for another three offshore hydrocarbon blocks in a licensing round in late July.
1759	DA Davidson analyst B. Oxford now expects that the firm will post earnings per share of $1.82 for the year, up from their prior forecast of $1.78.
1760	Dad took the two of us off by first driving us to Minneapolis where we took the train to Dalton, Minnesota to stay with Mom’s relatives, the Fashaugs.
1761	Dailleboust has played golf regularly since she was six and played college golf for New Mexico State University and Western New Mexico University, she said.
1762	Daily trading volume and share prices are under pressure.
1763	Daley II denies that he has created a new Daley machine.
1764	@damon: You seem to have an opinion about everything and we've established you don't even live in Pleasanton.
1765	Dana Lanier got the Rams off to a great start, returning the game’s opening kickoff 95 yards for a touchdown.
1766	Dana was a star player on both teams before continuing his career at Division 1 UMass/Amherst and in the San Francisco Giants organization.
1767	Dan Ben David, a lecturer on Public Economics at Tel Aviv University, has written that the purely civilian costs of the disengagement plan amount to 5.5 billion shekels, or an average of $611,000 per family.
1768	“Dance helped me respect myself and others.”
1769	Dancing or not, they were shouting them out as loud as possible.
1770	Daniel C. Jacuzzi, former Chairman of Sutter Community Bank who joined Suncrest Bank as a director, noted, "The combination is a very positive event for the shareholders, customers and employees of both institutions.
1771	“Danno Carter, and he is going to be opening for us at Club 705 on Thursday the 22nd.”
1772	Danny Delgado went before a judge Friday afternoon, facing charges of aggravated stalking, cyberstalking and more.
1773	Danny, the sailor played by Kermit Burns, had an even more tangible chemistry with Eugenia Jennings.
1774	Darley explores the best of Little Rock, enjoys BBQ and travels along the River Trail by Segway.
1775	Darwin was right.
1776	Datchos are potato chips topped with chili, cheese, jalapeño, sour cream, blue cheese drizzle and scallions.
1777	Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 23:05:57 GMT Connection: close Carly Ferguson 604-853-1144 Karen Murtagh 604-820-5453 Kevin Mills became editor of the Mission City Record in February of 2015.
1778	Date: Fri, 18 Nov 2016 04:17:42 GMT Connection: close Building Links celebrates 19 years Building Links publisher Clarice Coty.
1779	Date: Fri, 18 Nov 2016 10:39:29 GMT Connection: close Havers Design open house Saturday Havers Design is reopening the studio on the corner of 11th Street and England Avenue in Courtenay.
1780	Date: Mon, 28 Nov 2016 06:24:50 GMT Connection: close With the regular season finished for Oceanside Minor Baseball, the rep season is well under way and the Oceanside Pee Wee Reds are looking good so far.
1781	Date: Mon, 28 Nov 2016 16:05:46 GMT Connection: close Romney's 5-point plan to take US on a new course Rediff.
1782	Date: Sat, 05 Nov 2016 06:41:39 GMT Connection: close Re: Editor's Note - Discovering our true self, Aug. 2-8 What else is there to do but feel sorry for a person with character like that.
1783	Date: Sat, 12 Nov 2016 20:00:52 GMT Connection: close 50/50 split for voluntary water meters Mission residents eager to be a part of a water metering program will have to wait at least a few month months to sign up.
1784	Date: Sun, 06 Nov 2016 03:26:37 GMT Connection: close Residents get feisty about Qualicum Beach's proposed waterfront master plan Residents voiced their fears and offered suggestions at a meeting Tuesday about the Qualicum Beach Waterfront Master Plan.
1785	Date: Sun, 20 Nov 2016 20:31:18 GMT Connection: close Leafs goalie stars at kids' soiree The National Hockey League lockout, with no apparent end in sight, has hockey fans fuming around the continent.
1786	Date: Sun, 27 Nov 2016 11:13:47 GMT Connection: close Kelowna's Candy Cane Lane expands Candy Cane Lane has been lit up for the holidays.
1787	Date: Thu, 10 Nov 2016 04:49:15 GMT Connection: close The Chilliwack senior secondary school classes of 1966 and 67 are celebrating their 45th reunion July 13 and 14. Contact chilliwack45th@ telus.net for more information.
1788	Date: Thu, 10 Nov 2016 08:25:36 GMT Connection: close UPDATED: Surrey RCMP locate two missing girls, ages 10 and 12 UPDATED: Surrey RCMP say the girls have been located safe and sound.
1789	Date: Thu, 17 Nov 2016 06:18:27 GMT Connection: close Bon Jovi opens hunger centre in shore town hit hard by Sandy TOMS RIVER, N.J. — Jon Bon Jovi knows he can't help society by curing cancer or splitting atoms.
1790	Date: Tue, 01 Nov 2016 20:51:25 GMT Connection: close Sean Parker of Parker Financial Services Inc. has earned special status recognition with Sun Life Financial.
1791	Date: Tue, 15 Nov 2016 03:27:36 GMT Connection: close Dog park hours leave Prince Rupert owners seeking answers September 4, 2013 · Updated 8:37 AM Prince Rupert dog owners are frustrated with new limitations put on a popular off-leash spot.
1792	Date: Wed, 02 Nov 2016 13:09:49 GMT Connection: close LETTERS: No safe way to transport oil; leave it in the ground Chilliwack will receive $1.2 million from Kinder Morgan to build the Vedder Greenway Pedestrian Bridge.
1793	Dave Pearce took 4-96 for struggling Bagpuize.
1794	David Cronenberg, the celebrated film director, called it an assault on the Charter of Rights and Freedoms, and said it seems like something you would see in Beijing.
1795	David Dowse, Bradford City FC’s Facilities Manager, commented: “We have been delighted to be involved with Leeds Beckett University in this great project.
1796	David Holroyd 1 day, 15 hours ago Mr. Amyx, sidewalks are a public asset and the city commission and staff have not minded funding the "assets" for Mr. Fritzel and the other owners along Bob Billings.
1797	David Sharp added: “I've had to ditch opening my gym in Rhyl because of the bridge closure.
1798	David Zwartz, president of the New Zealand Jewish Council, said he also did not think the letters were the work of Jewish groups or individuals.
1799	Davila has a child with disabilities and volunteered for the position after the program was vacated last year.
1800	Davis said it’s “great to have competition.”
1801	Davis went four-for-seven from the field and two-for-three from the perimeter.
1802	Davon Johnson was arrested on suspicion of assault and battery.
1803	Dawson also brought in George “Bulldog” Smith, who runs an emphasized weight program.
1804	Day Three Hundred & Fourteen: 365 Less Things, declutter your year one day at a time!
1805	Day tickets (?37.50) and weekend tickets (?90) are available now at Next Door (Forum), 051 871111 and Daytripper.ie. Service charge applies.
1806	Dayton Sophomore Angela Mascall had a strong 8th-place finish in the 200 meters Friday, and..
1807	DCHS will enter the season in fifth place with a 3-7 conference record.
1808	Dean Bowman, youth advisor for the Texas Trail Ringnecks deemed the first event a success and hopes to help organize the event for next year as well.
1809	Dean cited “a couple of scenarios” for an east bank ballpark, one contingent on relocating PSC Metals elsewhere.
1810	"Death Wish coffee is really a revolutionary brand and the ad brings to life the spirit of that brand," said Heather McLellan, vice president of corporate communications at Intuit Quickbooks.
1811	Debating the Bubble Then and Now?" panel.
1812	Debra Spurgeon on Dean's List at U of Wyoming Debra Ann Spurgeon of Chino Valley is on the University of Wyoming l2012 fall semester Provost's Honor Roll.
1813	Debris smoldered on the road and, for no reason that Ebtehaj Zariba could discern, stones hurtled from the evening gloom onto her family's car.
1814	Deb was born on April 26, 1949, in Sidney, a daughter of Clifford and Bethel (Moore) Dashner.
1815	Dec. 30, 2013 - Rushton is re-admitted to hospital after re-injuring himself while in custody at the Central Nova Correctional facility in Dartmouth.
1816	Decades of watching movies have conditioned us to feel this way.
1817	Decide if you want to look like they do or if you Budget.
1818	Deepwater Wind said the company would begin testing the equipment by implementing a test bank at the Block Island Power Company’s property.
1819	Deeter and Adams both said the BLM and the county do receive tips and work together to repair them as quickly as possible.
1820	De Fabbio was a resident of 38 Center St., Batavia, when he joined the Marines.
1821	Defenders say it can be the only way to get something done when Congress is gridlocked.
1822	Defending champions Al-Ittihad had identical 1-0 successes, the first on day four against Khaleej Sirt, and on Tuesday at home against league leaders Al-Ahli of Benghazi.
1823	Definitions are given of words such as epiclesis, anamneis, concupiscence and many more.
1824	Delcambre said a big part of that was Esponge’s leadership.
1825	Delegations from Brenda Noble, representing the Dalkeith branch, and Cal Martin, representing St. Andrews, are on the agenda.
1826	Deleterious results show up in higher levels of anxiety and depression, impaired cognitive functions and in some cases lower IQs.
1827	Dellen Millard, 27, and Mark Smich, 25, have been charged with first-degree murder.
1828	DeLong took second in 51.87 seconds.
1829	DELVE DEEPER: Trump outscores Hitler on psychopath scale Inmates sleep on an open basketball court inside the Quezon City jail in Manila due to severe congestion.
1830	Demirjian is the first of five finalists to participate in the symphony's unconventional search for a new maestro.
1831	Democracy Watch called on the Prime Minister to penalize Mr Van Loan's blatant dishonesty by removing him from either the position of Government House Leader or Minister of Democratic Reform.
1832	Democrat John Carmichael is outstanding and is the clear choice in this north-central Wichita district.
1833	Democrats Still Paying the Price for 2010 Losses Democrats Still Paying the Price for 2010 Losses Party leaders are going to court to overturn redistricting maps that followed the GOP’s midterm landslide.
1834	Demos, who conducted the research as part of her doctoral dissertation at Dartmouth, is currently on the research faculty at the Warren Alpert Medical School of Brown University.
1835	Denise Truscello of WireImage.com Treat Them as Equals: In May 2013, Will sat down for an interview with Haute Living in which he revealed that he treats his children as he would any other adult.
1836	Denomme was second to finish for the Bobcats coming in 16th place with a time of 19:33.93 seconds.
1837	“DepEd continues to monitor and address all concerns pertaining to the opening of senior high schools in line with the full implementation of the K to 12 program,” Communications Secretary Herminio Coloma Jr. said in a statement.
1838	Depending on a particular speaker's accent all of them might pretty much sound the same, and yet in written language they have to be clearly distinguishable.
1839	Depending on the fish, she’ll process it in any number of ways — into long, thin strips, perhaps, or meaty steaks.
1840	Deportation is not even feasile - not logistically and not from a cost perspective.
1841	Depot’s 1940’s vintage Cheyenne Mountain dining car was a big air-conditioned hit.
1842	Deputies led him to a storage trailer on the property, where a few young men in their 20s — Munson's workers, rousted from their tents — were already waiting.
1843	Derek Janis and Arlo Iron Cloud are too full time deejays at KILI Radio.
1844	Description: Free mobile service provider FreedomPop has taken an undisclosed amount of financing from Intel Capital.
1845	Designer Judi Silverman knows what is needed, and where it is needed, to make your area, room or home “pop.”
1846	Despair, renunciation and mania seem to be expressed by Judas’s one desperately grasping hand, a heavy black-gloved soldier’s hand arresting Jesus, Jesus’s own hands clasped in renunciation and peace.
1847	“Desperate Writers of Port Alberni” was penned by four local authors.
1848	Despite a lot of effort, which included the purchase of Nokia, its share slipped in the year in question, from 3 per cent to 2.8 per cent.
1849	Despite feeling blue that she may be losing some of the trees she's fighting for, she said there was "a little victory" July 7 when council unanimously voted to send another Grandview area application back to staff, in light of opposition to it.
1850	Despite the bad days, there is always a ray of light keeping me positive.
1851	Despite the challenges of an extended recruiting dead period and the need to hire an entire coaching staff, we are both thrilled and fortunate to announce our first class of EMU Eagles.
1852	Despite the disappointing news, Harry Potter fans shouldn’t despair yet.
1853	Despite the renewed stress on industry, in 2005 most of the nuts that left the country did so raw.
1854	Despite these successes, we know our work isn’t done yet.
1855	Despite unprecedented attacks from biased news organizations, partisan pundits and assorted celebrities, Donald Trump continues to wage a relentless campaign.
1856	Detailed verification has been taken up in hand by the Vigilance Organization to establish the nexus on part of the Engineers and contractors for wasting Govern-ment funds.
1857	Detective constable Robert Munro said their searches followed a text his colleague Det Con Neal Williams received from Mr Thompson who told him of his whereabouts.
1858	Detectives from the city’s special investigations section executed the warrant about 11:40 a.m. Wednesday in the 600 block of South Drive, in the Walter Buzby Village Complex.
1859	"Determining whether content is in the public interest is complex and may mean considering many diverse factors."
1860	Developing115 Dead as Train Derails in North India; Some Still Trapped Officials identified him through fingerprints and the manner of his death is pending further investigation of the circumstances, according to the office of the chief medical examiner.
1861	Devotees in Dharamsala, New Delhi and Sikkim have led candlelight vigils in support of the Karmapa, with online petitions and social networking sites also being used to deny the allegation of spying.
1862	Dewey-Humboldt: Town officials learn public records law is complicated matter How do public officials manage public records when it takes the form of e-mails, photographs, maps, electronic printouts, and copies of all of those?
1863	Dhiab, a Syrian native, was sent to Uruguay in 2014 after being held at Guantanamo for 12 years.
1864	Diamonds may be a girl’s best friend, or a queen’s favourite ornament, however, they bring less joy to kings; none more so than the fabled Koh-i-noor.
1865	Diane had sent a financial report which Veronica read.
1866	Dictator Jammeh can secretly POISON the people without them knowing it.
1867	Did he kill Suzanne Degnan and the women? he was asked.
1868	Didn't City Council just approve another office building for downtown?
1869	Did the spirit of his beloved ancestor come back in this tiny body to touch my life again, to remind me that I have things to do before I join them all at Rainbow Bridge?
1870	Diet: Being overweight increases the chance of having a stroke.
1871	Difficult conditions prevented any action on Wednesday before Arnell’s best performance of the series was curtailed by a weather- related cancellation on Thursday just as he had moved up to third place round the downwind mark.
1872	Dililia is also survived by numerous grandchildren, step grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
1873	Dinah’s Family Restaurant is open from 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. every day and is located at 6521 Sepulveda Blvd., Westchester.
1874	Dingwall feels that, although the agreement on shared recreational services between the two cities is slated to end soon, they continue to share many common services and they should be working closely together.
1875	Dinklage and Jones strip down and bicker the majority of the pre-taped segment with Jones annoying Dinklage by bringing hot sauce as her luxury item, and spooning him inside the shelter.
1876	Dips and chips go to my hips.
1877	Direct flights to Tehran from Kuala Lumpur (klia2) and Bangkok (Don Mueang International Airport) will be operated three times (3x) weekly, with the commencement date set on 21 June 2016 and 22 June 2016 respectively.
1878	Directors representing Tata Trusts - the 66 per cent shareholders in Tata Sons - obviously wanted to catch him by surprise.
1879	Director Zack Spiger's video for "Gone Tomorrow" is a small document about the Stadium Inn — a hotel-slash-wrestling arena in Nashville.
1880	"Discrete and a unique revolutionary wood, Los Palmeros spend immortality with its stars on the forehead", added.
1881	Disease Detective: fifth place for Jason Yang (grade eight) and Eshita Sangal (grade eight) Dynamic Planet: second place for Mridul Bansal (grade eight) and Anshu Jonnalagadda (grade eight).
1882	"Disguised where necessary, yes.
1883	Divide stuffing mixture among reserved eggplant shells.
1884	DLP originated in the United States, and was officially started at Washington University in 1982 to address the lack of opportunities for gay men within the largely heteronormative Greek community.
1885	DL says that during this visit Hays was rather direct and according to the author this is not a characteristic of the International Community representatives in BiH.
1886	Does she care for him or doesn't she?
1887	Does the New York Times give us the humiliation we’re due?
1888	Dog rescued after being buried alive in Italian earthquake Man wrestles with panda after entering zoo enclosure Video captures moment plane crashes Judge in El Chapo trial in Mexico assassinated on street Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters.
1889	Do I feel that everyone has a right to the same healthcare - NO!
1890	Dolin, of Marblehead, Massachusetts, is the author of 12 books on a variety of American history topics like trade, whaling and wildlife, but his schooling was in environmental policy and management.
1891	Dominguez lives nearby and rents the stucco house to his cousin.
1892	Donald became the heir apparent, leapfrogging past his siblings, including one brother who spiralled into alcohol abuse that killed him.
1893	Donald Trump also said he will take a look at illegal immigration after he builds a wall.
1894	Donald Trump's campaign manager says Trump has paid "hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes over decades Hillary Clinton's campaign didn't have anything to do with the release of Donald Trump's taxes, says Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta.
1895	Donald Trump’s Victory: How Africa Reacted on Twitter False prophets, hope for Biafra and Obama’s half-brother..
1896	Donations to Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation 800 W. 6th Street Los Angeles, CA 90017.
1897	Don had spent more than four decades waiting for whites to have a racial awakening in America, and now he began to think that the teenager living in his house could be a potential catalyst.
1898	Donlon: I don’t worry about the things I can’t control.
1899	Donna was an industry leader in sales for general development from 1979-1982 and for U.S. homes from 1982-1991.
1900	Donors said they were happy they could do something to help hospitalized victims.
1901	DonÕt delay as there are a limited number of seats and the event will be sold out quickly.
1902	Don Pepe`s has been serving good Cuban food at state roads 434 and 436 for almost eight years.
1903	Don't buy into the medical horsecrap!
1904	Don't expect him to govern like a choir boy or not get too cozy with developers.
1905	D. on the love the US Army has for the Confederacy.
1906	Don’t hurt people, don’t take their stuff.
1907	Don’t know many servers that make less than that.
1908	Don't let your heart or your brain rule your head; always keep them in balance.
1909	“Don’t mistake activity with achievement.”
1910	Don't take such words too seriously?
1911	Don’t try to tell that to its lady golfers.
1912	Don was a master at many trades.
1913	Doors open at 2 p.m. Games will be held from 4:30 to 5:30 and 6:45-9:15.
1914	Doreen survived cancer in the 1990s, but she was diagnosed with a new lung cancer in 2012.
1915	Do that and they will do much more than speak out.
1916	Double glazed uPVC window facing the front and side, two radiators.
1917	Double glazed window, door to the rear courtyard and access to the rear lobby/boot room.
1918	Double glazed window to side elevation with vanity wash hand basin, low level WC, double sized shower cubicle and stainless steel wall mounted radiator.
1919	Doubts over the government's competence in handling the economic decline mean that attempting new or innovative courses of action would be too risky for the communist party; hence the hankering for the tried and tested formula of stronger exports.
1920	Do us all a favor and give them a “Thanks” when you get the time.
1921	Do we not have oversight committees anymore?
1922	Do what’s best, and right, for our town.
1923	Dowling recently resigned or was fired.
1924	Down but not out, the Maple Leafs would chip away at the Stars’ lead throughout the rest of the game, scoring a run in the fifth and two more in the top of the seventh to cut the deficit to 5-4.
1925	Downpours on Saturday, however, brought that day's rain total to 3.55 inches.
1926	Do you detest exercise classes?
1927	Do you have any idea how horrific it would be for the driver to hit one of you?
1928	Do you know where the bad neighborhoods are in this city?
1929	Do you look down to the ground in shame?
1930	Do you remember that the Liberals pre LibDem broke the Tory stranglehold on Brighton Council at a time when corruption was rife amongst both amongst officers and some councillors.
1931	Do you support State Superintendent Tom Torlakson’s recent request to freeze NCLB sanctions against California schools?
1932	Do you think a book is still in your future?
1933	Do you trust your children's online surfing habits?
1934	DPS also encourages individuals to keep a copy of their license plate and vehicle identification number on hand in case of theft, since police will need this information to take a report.
1935	Dr. Aggarwal’s Health Tip of the Week Say Goodbye to Chronic Pain Back pain is one of the most common medical problems and affects about 80% of people.
1936	Dr Carneiro had alleged that she was sexually discriminated against after she went on to the pitch to treat Eden Hazard during Chelsea's Premier League clash against Swansea last August.
1937	Drew encourages inclusivity and stands opposed to discriminatory language, but in letting Peled speak, it acted very much like Twitter.
1938	Driving along state highways or parish roads, the problem with liter is obvious.
1939	Dr. McHugh further noted studies from Vanderbilt University and London’s Portman Clinic of Children who had expressed transgender feelings but for whom, over time, 70%-80% “spontaneously lost those feelings.”
1940	Dr. Ott, representing the medical staff, emphasized the importance of the standard care procedure.
1941	Dr. Richard Léveillé, a planetary scientist who has worked on NASA’s Mars Science Laboratory mission, presented to a packed room on what scientists have learned about our planet’s neighbours.
1942	Dr. Saunders and many other community members contributed the unique objects included in the exhibit, and are credited for their generosity throughout the exhibits.
1943	Dr Thamer El-Aani of the LAS called for up scaling of political and economic cooperation between the two regions and for concerted efforts to achieve the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs).
1944	Drummy told The Argus: “We can mix it up.
1945	DSMES has also been shown to reduce hospital admissions and readmissions.
1946	D. to the letters behind my name.
1947	Durham as a community is not burdened by its past, but continues to honor it—the Durham Bulls are an example of that.”
1948	During a famine, Yunus walked the village trying to make himself useful to the people and got his idea to loan small amounts of money so the people wouldn’t have to borrow from loan sharks.
1949	During an event of the KBP last month, Binay challenged Trillanes to a one-on-one debate.
1950	During a press conference prior to the meeting, chaired by Robert Ballagh of the INC, Breandán Mac Cionnaith and Orla Moloney (GRRC) and Gerard Rice and Michael Goodman (LOCC), spoke of their hopes and concerns for the coming months.
1951	During a special May meeting, the board voted, 4-3, to table the item until the state decided in June whether to censure the teacher.
1952	During explanations concerning JFS funding, Harter said TANF monies are cut to zero and commissioners give only $15,000 a year to JFS.
1953	During Friday’s opening-night performance, Courtney Crouse did an admirable job of embodying the too-cool-for-school biker while making Fonzie his own, without the aloofness Henry Winkler originally brought to the role.
1954	During her visit, the Secretary General will meet with President Ali Bongo Ondimba, with prime minister and several cabinet members of Gabon.
1955	During numerous hospital visits and stays it’s given me an opportunity to tell those I love just how much I value and respect them.
1956	During some of Tuesday’s Senate meetings, hot topics on the agenda were Committees on Appropriations, Education K-12 and the Department of Corrections.
1957	During that time about 2.4 trillion won ($2.16 billion) in sell orders from foreign investors were processed, most of them through Deutsche Bank s local securities unit.
1958	During the 17 days from Dec. 28 until Jan. 13, we recorded an average temperature of only slightly above zero degrees.
1959	During the discussion, the victim said, the woman used the bathroom and then asked to use the phone to call her mother.
1960	During the encounter the deputy woke up the operator, Antonio Roberts, and detected the odor of marijuana emanating from the interior of the Robert’s vehicle.
1961	During the highly acrimonious campaign, Schlafly’s critics argued that as a mother of six children, she couldn’t fully devote herself to a political post.
1962	During the penalty phase, Tsarnaev's lawyers will present so-called mitigating evidence to try to save his life.
1963	During the powerplay Pasi Salonen deflected over a blue line shot from the impressive Jonathan Kirk.
1964	During the reporting period, the government’s anti-trafficking unit investigated 35 possible cases of trafficking and confirmed four of the 35 were trafficking, including one forced labor and three sex trafficking cases.
1965	During these days the family was helped by a government worker who was fluent in Arabic with the paperwork needed for a social insurance number, health insurance, registering in school, and finding furnishing for their apartment.
1966	During these times Roman would only see his family once every three or four years.
1967	During this time buried resentment or old hurts and losses may surface.
1968	During those years he dutifully "restructured" the country along the lines directed by Tom d'Aquino, the head of the Business Council on National Issues.
1969	Duterte has indicated he wishes to review all these agreements.
1970	Dyer contends police were responding to a report of a man with a rifle walking in the area when officers saw Noble’s pickup squeal its tires and take off east on Shields Avenue near Sunnyside Avenue.
1971	Dylan wears his Swiss t-shirt with mom Jaemjung and dad John.
1972	Dynamic cutting-edge music from around the world, along with open exploring of the museum galleries late into the night.
1973	Each chapter in “The Storied Life of A.J. Fikry” is named after the title of a short story or book and comes with a note from Fikry describing what he likes about it.
1974	Each classified ad is $25 for up to 200 characters, including spaces.
1975	Each commissioner is now paid $3,200 annually, plus a $30 per diem for each meeting they attend and $65 for each meeting they attend outside Schoolcraft County.
1976	“Each day I try to stay off of my feet for 11 hours,” he said.
1977	Each event is different so make sure to keep your eye out for an event that fits you.
1978	Each Friday student volunteers would bring pre-packaged bags of food to elementary, middle, and high school students meant to last through the upcoming weekend.
1979	Each one of us represents a community.
1980	Each person pays $15 for their meal and to chip in on the room rental.
1981	Each registered voter had to receive a letter stating the polling place changed.
1982	Each rider will also be able to scope their lines safely before their run.
1983	Each team will be given the opportunity to play under portable lights on the field at least once this year, he added.
1984	Each vegetable strip is water soluble, contains fertiliser and non-modified seeds and includes a set of seed growing factors to maximise the germination rate.
1985	Each year the Gingerbread House Contest brings in between $450 and $650 for the Sooke Christmas Bureau and Sooke Food Bank.
1986	Eagle Borgman connected on one of two FT attempts, Raider Roepke nailed a pair.
1987	Earle makes Carlton someone truly to be feared.
1988	Earlier, in 2012, at a meeting with the then External Affairs Minister G. L.Peiris, Chandrahasan proposed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Sri Lanka and India to facilitate and expedite the return of the refugees.
1989	Earlier in the week, Griffin sent an e-mail to Wilmont members claiming that the City had given her special permission to postpone elections because Wilmont's 83-year-old membership director broke her hip.
1990	Earlier, militants had shot at and killed two ruling NC workers in Srinagar on Wednesday morning.
1991	Earlier on Tuesday, Mr Limaj said he was "willing to surrender voluntarily in The Hague".
1992	Early days for sure but the signs are there - and they are crystal clear.
1993	"Early in that third quarter we had some big plays and put them in a second-and-12 situation and that last drive we couldn't ever quite get there," G-R coach John Olson said.
1994	Early this year, the government reduced the budget for the model farm from Sh14 billion to Sh7 billion after abandoning some of the key components such as a milling plant.
1995	Early voting allows voters to vote at any of a number of designated areas.
1996	Early years: Income and tax decisions Keep in mind that adding employment earnings to your retirement “paycheck” requires careful planning because it may impact other sources of retirement income or bump you into a higher tax bracket.
1997	EastEnders viewers slam Lee and Whitney's big day after being promised drama for weeks Priest turned “lying, cheating devil”?
1998	EAST WIND: There Was a Time … OPINION: An Open Letter to America’s Young Voters Al Roth on September 8, 2016 1:06 pm Super column, Phil. I’m particularly pleased to see a picture of Rev. Fong.
1999	Eben Alexander & the Brain-Mind Problem February 19, 2016 By davidjones By RICHARD SMOLEY Why has Eben Alexander’s story caught the public imagination so intensely?
2000	Eckert believes, for the most part, hotel franchises are more likely to succeed today than independent hotels and resorts.
2001	ECSO trains in active shooter scenario with drama students Emery High drama department and the Emery County Sheriff's Office emergency team responded to Emery High for a mock drill.
2002	Ed Butcher had the best of the rare bunch in the 24th minute, firing wide after finding himself at the near post.
2003	Eddie Moore Jr. should know.
2004	Eddy's Grill, which opened in the first part of this year, has made its name in the downtown dining scene.
2005	EDITORIAL COMMENT: Do not cling to CAPS IT is difficult to understand why government cannot learn from its past mistakes.
2006	EDITORIAL: KPLC News Director Jenelle Shriner explains the decision to discuss letter & blog in public forum.
2007	Editors here are always willing to make improvements in the cause of writing.
2008	Editor’s note: Kind words for the folks who deliver mvalles@times-standard.com @MarcJValles on Twitter Last week, in honor of Saturday’s International Newspaper Carrier Day, we invited readers to shower praise on their carriers.
2009	Eduardo Montealegre refused to participate in a recount following the elections.
2010	Education, especially boarding school education, is a partnership between parents and the school, and while we expect to earn the trust and confidence of parents to educate their daughters, we welcome parental involvement and participation at all levels.
2011	Edward Alexander, 43, of Orangeville, is charged with possession of cocaine.
2012	“Efforts made in previous years to improve planned giving programs have had a positive impact,” said Smith.
2013	Efforts to talk to Mighty Wanderers officials after the match proved futile as they went straight into the dressing room and then board the team bus in frustration.
2014	Efimova was disqualified from swimming for 16 months in 2014 after traces of the anabolic steroid DHEA, which speeds up metabolism and helps with weight loss, were found in her system at an out of competition test in Los Angeles in 2013.
2015	Eggslut chef Alvin Cailan decided to open a restaurant dedicated to one of his culinary passions: ramen.
2016	Ehlert was charged with two counts third degree criminal sexual conduct as a 2nd degree felony, five counts fourth degree criminal sexual conduct as a misdemeanor, and three counts of official misconduct as a misdemeanor.
2017	Elderly residents at the community center were unable to suppress their frustration.
2018	Elected officials, however, cannot do this, at least not SECRETLY.
2019	“Electricity was in a critical condition prior to the attacks and it worsened after these constant attacks,” he added.
2020	Element is an asset-based financing company; it helps firms pay for equipment, airplanes and rail cars.
2021	Elie hit both free throws, pulling the Blue Raiders within six once again, but they would get no closer, as UALR pushed its lead to as high as 10 down the stretch before Lanning's layup with four seconds left decided the final margin.
2022	Ellington had the good sense to seek partnerships with all the major sporting and entertainment bodies in Jamaica, to study their crowd management measures at events such as Carnival and Sumfest.
2023	Ellis was born and raised on a farm just north of Standard and has been involved with photography over the last 10 years.
2024	Elon Musk's company has yet to reuse a rocket, but it's the only one of the two firms to have delivered honest-to-goodness payloads into space, or to manage sea landings.
2025	Elsewhere, two leaders from Ukambani warned the community against joining the Jubilee Party led by President Kenyatta and his deputy William Ruto.
2026	Elwell and Town Meeting Member Bob Stevens (District 2), a local architect, went back and forth on the topic of cost savings and commercial rental competition.
2027	Elyssa Linares has been named president and CEO of Communities in Schools of Miami.
2028	Email Town Square Moderator a resident of another community "You can fool some people sometimes, But you can't fool all the people all the time.
2029	Email Town Square Moderator a resident of Another Pleasanton neighborhood Fund raising won't do it alone.
2030	Email Town Square Moderator a resident of Another Pleasanton neighborhood I should have added, "not bad for an investment of $200/year."
2031	Email Town Square Moderator a resident of Another Pleasanton neighborhood Posted by Do Your Homework: "once an employee retires, the city no longer contributes to that fund..
2032	Email Town Square Moderator a resident of Atherton: West Atherton "I think it will be fun."
2033	Email Town Square Moderator a resident of Old Mountain View The 9 companies may be financially responsible, but the city is responsible to its citizens.
2034	Email Town Square Moderator Are you the same person that spoke at the city council meeting when the rent control issue was before the council?
2035	Email (will not be published) (required) John on October 20, 2016 at 12:07 pm Link exchange is nothing else but it is just placing the other persons weblog link on your page at proper place and other person will also do similar in support of you.
2036	Emisael Jaramillo, Majesto (18th) — “He didn’t like the track.”
2037	Emoticons are created and become the first new galling addition to written language since dotting one’s “i”s with little hearts.
2038	Employee engagement is also very important to monitor at this stage, as it means that people are willing to embrace the change and that staff retention does not pose an issue.
2039	Employment is categorized by place of work.
2040	Empty boxes, however, do take up critical storage space, so several years ago I spent a couple of weekends creating room for them.
2041	Emulate the moderate behaviour that you respect in others.
2042	Ending the election of Arkansas' Supreme Court justices would help limit the influence of campaign contributions and special interests on the state's highest court, say lawmakers who favor adopting a new selection process.
2043	ENGAGEMENT: Kelty-Mitchell Lana and Ray Kelty of Springfield announce the engagement and forthcoming marriage of their daughter, Suzanne Nicole, to D.J. Mitchell, son of Pam and Stuart Mitchell of Willisburg.
2044	Engels has a BA in English and a MS in television, radio and film from Syracuse University.
2045	England boss Fabio Capello fumes at Wayne Rooney’s yellow peril DOZY Wayne Rooney was left stunned by his yellow card against Wales yesterday after failing to realise he will miss England’s crucial next Euro 2012 qualifier.
2046	Enjoy this 2-story French Country-style house, 4BR/3.5BA with 4,247 sq.ft living space, on 3 acres.
2047	Enlarge video With the lightning speed of an ultra-high speed Internet connection, Gov. Sam Brownback welcomed Google Fiber to Kansas City, Kan., on Wednesday.
2048	Enriquez, a former media practitioner, said that she has been supportive of the Philippine Collegian’s autonomy and would do everything to help preserve its independence.
2049	Ensenada city council was deciding on the proposal by off road race car driver Robert Acer to change the name of part of the main boulevard to Baja 1000 because of the strong relation between the city and the famous off road race.
2050	Enter every competition you see!
2051	Entering from the courtyard, the ambience at HASR Bistro is country comfort–barrels, shrubs strung with simple lights, a yellow-and-beige color scheme, red umbrellas.
2052	Entering the event’s third year and a crowd-favourite since its inception, the finale involves numerous people including children jumping into the big mud pit.
2053	Enter photos that showcase the breathtaking beauty of working and being part of Kansas agriculture.
2054	EPC is Band B. Comptons Sales & Lettings offer for sale this stunning 3 bedroom cottage style house situated in historic Rottingdean village.
2055	Erdogan personally felt slighted when Assad did not heed his advice and refused to implement reforms advised by Erdogan and his foreign minister Ahmet Davutoglu.
2056	Eric Holmes qualified 3rd, Jacob Gomes 10th, Ryan Philpott 12th and Tommy Regan started in the 22nd position.
2057	Erris Hutcheson and Jennifer Ellis have announced that they are seeking to represent the area.
2058	ESCA sets a maximum commission of 27.5 basis points on the volume traded, of which it takes 12.5 basis points, meaning 45 percent of the total commission goes to the regulator – an expensive price to pay.
2059	Especially because when shredded pork sits out or its use is delayed, the texture tends to harden and the flavor tends to seep out.
2060	Especially in light of the fact that charges were dropped against another Kern River Valley resident, Denis Desmond, who also ran a roadblock during the fire.
2061	Especially, look at the Carenage after J'ouvert.
2062	Especially since the 9/11 attacks, Ali also values bridging the gap between American society and the Muslim world.
2063	Especially since the final arbiter in the case would be the Parliament.
2064	Especially when you see all that black smoke,” he said.
2065	Essar Global said in a statement last month that it did not support a deal to sell Essar Steel Algoma's assets to a consortium formed by private equity firm KPS Capital Partners.
2066	Essentially, Barnes Arico is doing what John Wangler called “putting the 2015 twist on what Bo did.”
2067	Essex Police advises residents to take simple steps to protect their homes, including: Read more from Herts & Essex Observer Tributes paid to former firefighter and Sawbridgeworth Town..
2068	Esther Kofod, a Singapore-born lady schooled in Switzerland and the United States, lived for several years in Libya during the dictatorial Gaddafi regime.
2069	Estimated values of the difference between True North and Magnetic North can be used but they can have errors, because magnetic field is not only changing continuously, but also can be erratic due to other physical changes present inside the earth.
2070	EST November 07, 2016 Ray Gilbride rigged up a system connected to his Trump signs, zapping anyone who touches them.
2071	ETE provides gasoline and distillates to its 51 percent-owned Sunoco (SUN-$30.51), a fuel distributor that owns 896 convenience stores and fuel outlets in eight states.
2072	Ê The trespassing and removal of feeding stations had recently begun again.
2073	EU offers to help France, UK face Calais migrant crisis Brussels said on Tuesday (4 August) it was ready to help France and Britain deal with the migrant crisis at the Channel Tunnel, as police on both sides braced for new attempts at the crossing.
2074	Evans' style has been described as refined-rustic, elegant down-home, nouveau Southern, and with "global flavor fusions" reminiscent of Texas, France and Italy.
2075	Even 4me — TAMAR BRAXTON (@TamarBraxtonHer) August 5, 2016 … But guys this is not shade.
2076	Even abductors and hijackers, whom it considers to be criminals, are tried and sentenced in Israel.
2077	Even activities you may do every day -- like running, biking, or gardening -- take on a new dimension in this type of heat.
2078	Even after calls from Mekong River Commission experts and constant calls by the governments of Cambodia and Vietnam to suspend all construction, however, preparations have steamed ahead.
2079	Even before the Arab Spring saw the overthrow of long-serving Middle Eastern leaders, he made a point of channeling funding into social programs to boost living standards and counteract disaffection.
2080	Even here in the Metro newsroom, we had people calling up to make sure family members had gotten through safely.
2081	Even if a majority of Americans one day supported a federal ban on handguns, it's not realistic.
2082	Even if it doesn't lend his remarks some gravitas, it might give them some gravity.
2083	Even if it were an anti-Negro movie, a work of such quality should be shown, and shown whole.
2084	"Even if many people don't get to go to the Ross Sea - and many won't - it's still really good to know that those places exist."
2085	Even if they have high hopes for Kessler, a third-rounder, they would be hard-pressed to turn down Deshaun Watson or Deshone Kizer or whoever emerges as the class’s top QB.
2086	"Even if we don't go up some of these boys are good enough to play Conference South."
2087	Even if we lose a game, we still have control over our own destiny.
2088	Even if you only fly once in a while, it’s a smart purchase at $10 a year.
2089	Even more frightening is that the film portrays the players as appearing to have no remorse and that they still believe their actions were valid.
2090	Even so, remember that Mercury is retrograde and decisions or promises can turn on a dime.
2091	Even so, the duo have kept a small business model.
2092	Even South Korea, which has been quieter about Chinese claims, expressed alarm last year after China announced it had the right to police skies above a vast area of ocean, including areas claimed by Japan and South Korea.
2093	Even the Montreal Canadiens saw their three-year playoff streak ended by frivolous play and some key injuries, namely to goaltender Carey Price.
2094	Even those of us who may find a challenge in calculating numbers can add nearly $146,000 to nearly $12,000 and come up with a sum of nearly $158,000.
2095	Even though he went to Cambridge, I know he’s supporting me through all this”.
2096	Even though many of their projects have a serious purpose you would never know that by the laughter and joking.
2097	Even though she felt she was under more pressure with this second project, she still enjoyed the process.
2098	Even though the Hsiang team stresses they "are not trying to pick fights," their statement contains some pretty strong language.
2099	Even thought James’ book is called a dairy, it’s not written in diary format.
2100	Eventually, Enterprise sent you photos of alleged damage and charged your credit card $317.
2101	Eventually I replaced it with one of those apple cutters.
2102	Eventually, I told them the truth: that they were famous for “making junk and stealing our fish”.
2103	Even when road transport is possible, vehicles are attacked and food is stolen by both government and rebel troops, eager to feed themselves.
2104	Even when the USA intervened (its act of commission) in Afghanistan and Iraq, the remedy has turned out to be worst than the disease.
2105	Even with eight up, there's a 581-litre luggage bay - almost twice as much as some estate cars.
2106	Even with the lump sum payment, some $30,000 in restitution still hung in limbo, and that was the subject of some dispute Tuesday morning.
2107	Even worse, we are suffering from receiving so few medals but doing nothing to prepare for Beijing in 2008; we are suffering from the many deaths of beggars but are doing nothing to halt this shame.
2108	Everet Sarabia, a candidate for the civic seat, who lost by only 56 votes, (179 to 123) asked for a complete recount.
2109	Everett Sox run past Benton Gingles July 7, 2015 Baseball-Junior Legion Aggressive base-running and timely hitting proved to be a winning formula for the Bryant Everett Buick-GMC Black Sox on Monday night at Bryant High School Field.
2110	Evergreen’s joint-venture factory in Wuhan occupies a long, warehouselike concrete building in an industrial park located in an inauspicious neighborhood.
2111	Ever since I've been elected, I tell people that the role of government is not to try to create wealth, but an environment in which people are willing to take risks.
2112	Ever wished you could just do art without worrying about making a mess or being concerned about how it looks?
2113	Everybody asks me this question and it is IMPOSSIBLE to answer.
2114	"Everybody came out in their best.
2115	“Everybody ought to have a fair go of it,” Brown said.
2116	“Everybody’s a filmmaker these days.
2117	“Everybody that he’s faced, the last five fights, I’ve pretty much faced the last five fights and I’ve done it better or the same as he has … The outlook that you should (fear) him?
2118	Every department has to cut back on its budget equally.
2119	Every infiltrator also receives 5 days of professional training from the Immigration and Population Authority, and an allowance of 500 shekels per month to spend on consumer products available at the facility.
2120	"Every law I’ve written — some have taken five to eight years — has had strong bipartisan support, the result of enormous give and take."
2121	Every member of the entire party had spent money in town during the stop at the camp.
2122	Every mobile carrier offers you the option of setting up a customer service pin that must be provided before changes of any kind can be made to your account.
2123	Every Mukonzo male wants to be circumcised because it is for his own good anyway!" he exclaims.
2124	Everyone can see that an open air market would be quite the draw.
2125	Everyone has a good time at these free open-air performances.
2126	"Everyone has to realize their own abilities and how far they can help take this program if they keep a strong mindset," Buchanan said.
2127	“Everyone here is a CEO, a Community Excellence Organizer, and every one of them is just as important to me as the CEOs on Wall Street, and that is how it should be,” said Scooterdude.
2128	Everyone love us being there."
2129	“Everyone needs a reality check…get real.
2130	"Everyone started coming, even from other districts.
2131	"Every point is important, but the last five points in a set are often the toughest to get.
2132	Every Saturday morning, starting when Justin was in the eighth grade, Tom drove him the 65 miles to Denver, where Justin played for the Police Athletic League in the morning and at the Salvation Army Red Shield Boys' Club in the afternoon.
2133	“Everything made out of metal was taken,” Clements adds, “from plumbing to electric wires, and there was no heating and cooling.”
2134	Everything was hush-hush.
2135	Everything was rattling,” said Don Schweikert, who owns a bed-and-breakfast in Cape May, N.J., near where Sandy roared ashore.
2136	“Everything you do out there today is to listen to the customer,” said company district manager Dave Jeffreys.
2137	Every year there are almost 8 million fresh graduates from China's universities.
2138	“Evidently the zoning laws don’t matter.
2139	EW Davies Farms declined to comment as the matter has not yet been decided.
2140	Examine your financial health during open enrollment season - Ahwatukee Foothills News: Business State golf: Desert Vista finally wins state title The Desert Vista boys golf team was known as one of Arizona’s best golf program to never win a state title.
2141	Ex basketball star charged with murder A former Burke County basketball star has been jailed for murder.
2142	Excellence can be defined as the ability to complete projects successfully and continuously.
2143	Except that it was actually two albums from two different Baltimores and for two different summers and neither of them are perfect..
2144	Executive Director Heidi Fareri each route requires over 40 volunteers.
2145	Exercise improves your memory - so what?
2146	Expanding early childhood education has been a top priority for JCPS.
2147	"Expect to see more and more expansive outdoor kitchens.
2148	Experience the wondrous St. Johns River Conservation area and the cypress forest of the Tosohatchee Wildlife Management area.
2149	Ex-Red Edwin Ahenkorah, a persistent menace throughout, bullied United’s backline and Kieren Westwood levelled with a powerful angled finish from the left channel after a one-two with his team-mate 13 minutes from time.
2150	Ex spurt - my, how profound.
2151	Extra meal tickets and extra t-shirts are $20 each.
2152	Factories have closed, jobs have gone overseas and small businesses are struggling.
2153	Faculty Honored at Commencement Six Bucknell faculty members were honored with awards recognizing their teaching and scholarly accomplishments during the 164th Commencement ceremonies.
2154	Failure by prosecutors to disclose to the defence all its evidence and the identities of witnesses testifying against Lubanga is one reason for the sluggish preparations for the trial, said the judge.
2155	Faithful readers of these pages will know that the student association – our student association – is running an enormous surplus.
2156	Falcey’s stable is top-notch and includes keynote speaker Christine Martucci on Friday, March 30, over at Congress Hall, as well as Todd Sheaffer (Railroad Earth) on Saturday night in the same room.
2157	Falcons: “I thought we were sharper than we were in the first week.
2158	Fall-related deaths are on the rise in Michigan.
2159	Family, friends and work colleagues joined representatives from Glasgow City Council, Glasgow Community Planning Partnership, Police Scotland, the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service, Glasgow Housing Association and the Evening Times.
2160	Family greeted friends on Tuesday from 1-8 p.m. and will greet them on Wednesday from 9 a.m. to time of services.
2161	Fans dressed as Power Girl and, um, a male version of Poewr Girl at WonderCon 2011 at Moscone Convention Center on April 3, 2011 in San Francisco.
2162	Fans may lament the ongoing arguments in Deflategate, but Smith and the union have a duty to uphold and protect the players’ rights.
2163	Fans turned in online to watch the Capitals for the first time as the club searches for ways to attract a bigger audience after the WNBL failed to secure a broadcast deal for the season.
2164	Fantastically situated a stone’s throw from Harpenden railway station, the restaurant is low-key from the outside but elegant within.
2165	Farmers Market Inc., 3333 Irvin Cobb Drive, signs.
2166	Farmers work together to harvest since the machinery is so expensive.
2167	Far right leader Marine Le Pen, capitalizing on frustration with globalized trade and the status quo, reveled in her visit Friday to the "Made in France" exhibit in southern Paris.
2168	Farris said there is something of a “partisan divide” surrounding home-schooling, and they tend to get more support from Republican legislators.
2169	“Fashion is not just about the local fashion designers, it’s about fashion in Eugene,” EFW co-producer Mitra Chester says about bringing in local stores.
2170	Father Casey personally built the church which was dedicated by Bishop Metzger in 1965.
2171	Favorite Movies: The Crow (The first one.
2172	Fearing the suspect had a gun, the clerk ran toward the alley behind the store, and the suspect was allegedly chasing him with a machete.
2173	Featured products include ceramics, kitchenware, paper goods, and more, from makers including MAD-Martha McQuade, Dan Clark, Jess Hirsch, Ginny Sims of Powderhorn Kitchen, Erin Lynn Smith, and more.
2174	Feb. 9, 1967: Boeing 747 first flight.
2175	Federer saved a match point in the last game with a return-of-serve winner, but Nadal composed himself, hit a blistering serve, and then watched in surprise as Federer made one last mistake, minutes before play would have been called because of darkness.
2176	Fed puts profits back in Treasury The Federal Reserve said Tuesday that it transferred $76.9 billion in profits to the Treasury Department last year, slightly less than its 2010 transfer but much more than in any other previous year.
2177	Fellow journalists laughed, and press secretary Josh Earnest praised her "unique perspective."
2178	Fentanyl is meant to be used by cancer patients who are already on painkillers but experience "breakthrough" pain -- pain that flares up even with the routine pain medication.
2179	Fernandez had been scheduled to start Monday night’s game against the New York Mets.
2180	Fernández: You could only enter it visually but not physically, the traveling eye imagining a place.
2181	Ferner thought the game was tighter than what the score showed, telling the Vernon Morning Star the Clippers “.
2182	Few have appreciated the depth of the damage caused first by communism and then by corruption in the post-Soviet era -- they undermined trust, integrity, and accountability, as well as moral and cultural values, in the country.
2183	Fiercely combatant to the end, Ms. Schlafly fought in court this year to block a trademark for Schlafly beer, claiming she had made the name famous.
2184	Fifteen years and more than nine million (!
2185	Fifty and fantastic was the theme for the all –black birthday party for national and international model Chyna Allen.
2186	Figures show 95 per cent of Herts children have been allocated a place at one of their preferred primary, junior or middle schools.
2187	File Photo/The Mirror Over the past four seasons, UNC women's basketball coach Jaime White could count on one thing come game time: Whitley Cox would score points.
2188	Fillmore scored again on Chino’s 3rd touchdown with 1:30 left in the game.
2189	Film-maker Robert Greene’s documentary, Jock Scot: Services to Rock N Roll, has contributions from ex-girlfriend Cherry, his pal MacGowan and Libertines singer Pete Doherty.
2190	Film star and TV actress Marjorie Lord, who rose to fame in the Golden Age of Hollywood and on the TV show "Make Room for Daddy," died on November 28, according to daughter Anne Archer.
2191	• FIMA 2009: The new international fashion trend will be African • Guinea: Junta leader held "hostage" by the military and people • South Sudan: Consensus at last?
2192	“Finaghty’s has always been focused on providing a great atmosphere that people of all ages enjoy,” Stafford tells the Record.
2193	Finally, a great big guy standing next to her offered to lift her up like he would a child, and she got just a glimpse of the candidate in person.
2194	Finally, another unique aspect of the Estero Fine Art Show is its Youth Art Competition, a program unique to Hot Works fine art and fine craft shows.
2195	Finally, at 49 and a half, I'm letting myself grow old gracefully: Shari Low YOU won't believe this, but Shari low has an almost unbelievable admission to make.
2196	Finally, in horrific detail Piolo’s dying words can be heard in the call: “Lieutenant, help me, I’m dying I’m dying.
2197	Finally, the student made this statement, “It is time our student representatives and SGA leadership stop behaving like toadies for the administration and defend our interest.”
2198	Finance Presentation Falls Short Trying to explain to an individual how to budget and invest his or her money is not an easy task, which is why there is a whole industry of financial planners.
2199	Financial Planning Perspectives can be found on Vanguard.com and on Vanguard's Pressroom.
2200	Fincham wouldn’t elaborate on why the threat was reduced and referred the Courier to the Integrated Homicide Investigations Team, which had not returned calls before the paper’s print deadline.
2201	Finchem also was a deputy commissioner under Deane Beman when he was appointed in 1994, and he leaves behind a legacy of growth and new programs.
2202	Find out about classical concerts and watch exclusive videos.
2203	Find stands stacked with colorful seasonal fruits and vegetables, like perfectly plump tomatoes, ears of sweet corn and savory strawberries.
2204	Fingal Rovers Surf Life Saving Club members who were involved in the rescue of a nine-year-old boy and the woman who died while trying to save him have been nominated for Rescue of the Year as part of the Surf Life Saving NSW 2016 Awards of Excellence.
2205	Finger-licking ribs, cold beer and live music in the heart of historic downtown Milton – what could be a better combination on a warm summer day?
2206	Fire Chief Dennis Bradley asked for a pay raise at the meeting, and his duties and compensation will be reviewed, although committee members said they couldn't promise in this lean budget year.
2207	Firefighters contained the fire within half an hour after it was reported, and found no evidence of its origins.
2208	Fire officials said there was also minor damage to two next door homes.
2209	Fireworks start at 9:30 p.m. Where: Mesa Amphitheatre, 263 N. Center St., Mesa.
2210	First house on the right.
2211	First, less than a week after GOP Presidential Candidate Donald Trump trashed talked the MPLS + STPL Somali community, Omar will now very likely become the first Somali woman legislator in the country.
2212	Firstly, it plans to share member’s phone numbers with Facebook as it argues that this will help the social network provide more appropriate friend suggestions and also apparently will allow it to direct more relevant advertisements to its users.
2213	First, moderate Republicans who knocked off incumbents allied with Brownback are saying it was tax policies, not public education, that the voters seemed to care most about.
2214	First, Netflix paid close attention to Blockbuster’s vulnerabilities with its best customers.
2215	First Night buttons go on sale Oct. 17 Fun on New Year’s Eve – for free!
2216	“First of all I need to get in the team and play some rugby and that’s what I have come here to do.
2217	First pitch is scheduled for 2:30 p.m. from Eagle Field at Veterans Memorial Park in Harrisonburg, Virginia.
2218	First, there was a 52-46 loss to Ballard in the Bullitt County Challenge and on Tuesday it got more frustrating as the Lady Cougars were knocked off at home by Seneca 57-42.
2219	First, the share of fossil fuels (gas, oil and coal) still remains very high (78 per cent) by 2040; listed in descending order of magnitude.
2220	First, the thieves are stealing from a volunteer organization.
2221	Fisherman want more for less.
2222	Fisher said this is the third time the cenotaph has been vandalized since she has served on the executive of the legion.
2223	Fitch also pointed to likely deferrals or cancellations of some projects.
2224	Fitch Ratings and S&P Global Ratings have given an “A-” rating for Malaysia while Moody’s Investor Services has given an “A3” rating.
2225	Fitted with a range of wall and base modern units in white with contrasting worktops, space for appliances, integrated oven and hob, wall mounted boiler, radiator, double glazed window and door to the rear garden area.
2226	Fitzpatrick by double digits.
2227	Five of the eight senators listed by Guamanians for Fair Government were rejected by voters Tuesday, including Republicans Brant McCreadie, Tony Ada and Frank Blas Jr., and Democrats Rory Respicio and Tina Muña Barnes.
2228	Five Ways to Financially Survive Divorce Be prepared for the next stage.
2229	Five years ago, the company had one million active users.
2230	Flanker Ben Gallop seized upon the ball and scrambled over the line.
2231	Flannagan made it a 2-0 game when he stripped the ball away from Andrew Mehrassa and picked the corner low on Secor with a 15-metre strike.
2232	Floating by Grace’s face are songs of supper and mama and aunty.
2233	Florez-Estrada said the couple knew they could face legal problems if they went public with their marriage but decided to do so anyway.
2234	Florist Alydia Ferrari demonstrates some of the new techniques she learned at the class.
2235	Flowers are appreciated or contributions may be made to Pleasant Grove Baptist Church, 4848 Pleasant Grove Church Road, Nashville, NC 27856.
2236	Flynn called that argument a “false opposition” and said that the site should follow existing rules like proper inspections and no smoking, rather than forcing residents and construction workers to choose between physical safety and environmental health.
2237	Following her procedure, Indy received specialized treatment and loving care.
2238	Following his release, authorities demanded his design company pay $2.4 million U.S. in back taxes and fines.
2239	Follow the money… “When you follow the money, it is from the Marijuana Policy Project based in Washington D.C. who added Alaska to it’s strategic plan.
2240	Football has rules - diplomatic law has rules.
2241	"For 20 percent of the kids..
2242	For 3 years I wait in anticipation and longing.
2243	For a $2 entrance fee, bathers swim in the Gunpowder River, a tributary of the Chesapeake Bay.
2244	For a capitalistic economy to thrive there must strong institutions to accompany growth with checks and balances in place to limit the effects of corruption, nepotism etc. However in our economy there is no such thing.
2245	For all its short-term growth, Shell still had to show investors that its long-term future was as bright as it once looked on paper.
2246	For a month or so, anyway.
2247	For an earlier article go here.
2248	For a new reason to set off for the lanes more than once in a given week, "Rock and Bowl" Saturdays feature dance contests and free chips/dip, and Tuesdays are karaoke nights.
2249	Forbell thinks that acceptance is at a personal level.
2250	“Forbidden Games” (“Jeux Interdits”), a film by the French giant René Clément, is one of them.
2251	For Chelsea purposes, State..
2252	For dessert, there is nothing like a super simple and totally delicious "Zuppa Inglese."
2253	For details or to book a table, contact 01729 825718.
2254	Forecasters warned the rest of the country is likely to be blanketed this week as the weather front moves west.
2255	ForestCare supplies tree seedlings primarily to the Northern Ontario forest industry and has been expanding its markets to include woodlot owners, Conservation Authorities and individuals all over the Province of Ontario.
2256	For example, bringing mostly black pieces of your wardrobe could allow you to get away with one pair of business-ready shoes and leaves room for a more casual or cocktail appropriate pair.
2257	For example, if the increase is $1 billion, then it should be funded at two-thirds full funding: about $528 per student.
2258	For example, in 1999 the same year that MSF was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize the group's chairman openly appealed to Russian President Boris Yeltsin to stop bombings of civilians in Chechnya.
2259	For example, in March 2008, Jakarta’s City Council rejected the Jakarta Parks Agency’s plan to create green spaces in place of 29 gas stations, caving in to the demands of the politically powerful gas station owners.
2260	For example, I read some days ago about a DC who had imposed a new tax for the sake of “people’s contribution to their own development”.
2261	For example, Memorial Stadium is adjacent to Canyon Road, and Memorial Stadium is described as part of the Campus Park, yet the DEIR does not identify Canyon Road as an “adjacent area.”
2262	For example, on Friday I had a discussion about the entertainment world’s controversy over the depiction of disabled people because of the movie “Me Before You.”
2263	For example, over the objections of some dissenters, (and against the wishes of Idaho) the majority said that the trial should take place before a judge rather than before a jury of Idaho citizens.
2264	For example, the business-interests of certain elites can overweigh in it, and Armenia will simply be exchanged with something more essential.
2265	For fucking dogcatcher?"
2266	For fun we'd go out to parks and swim in lakes," she says.
2267	For further details, call Kathleen Horak at 330-562-1930.
2268	Forget stopping at just a typo, the whole naming spree that went on was a mistake!
2269	For Guyana's case is unimpeachable.
2270	For information about Wright County, contact Shirley Legatt at Wright County Community Action out of Maple Lake, (320) 963-6500.
2271	For inquiries and reservations, call (02) 719-6822 or 719-8888.
2272	For instance, if you're watching us, you'll see additional local news, weather and traffic information from us.
2273	For Kohli, this period of play proved a game-changer..
2274	For Lease, Fully-Furnished, Three Bed, hmo Licence, Jute Street, Aberdeen. 3 bedroom terraced house for rent Furnished: 3 bedroom.
2275	For Leblanc, the biggest challenge of the reorganization has been trying to track the people who left behind a lot of the samples.
2276	For local news delivered via email enter address here: Congregation Ahavath Achim (C), Colchester Email address:information@congregationahavathachim.org Category:General - Conservative Javascript is required to view this map.
2277	For local news delivered via email enter address here: Dupree Drama Club to present Comedy Play next Tuesday The Dupree Drama Club will be presenting the comedy “A Pirate Play” on Tuesday, April 5th at 7 pm in the Dupree School’s Old Gym.
2278	For local news delivered via email enter address here: Fresh green, red tomatoes and winter The holidays are flying by in rapid succession this month.
2279	For local news delivered via email enter address here: Hornet girls fourth at O’Mara invite GOODRICH – New Lothrop’s cross country girls finished fourth at the Kayla O’Mara Invitational on Saturday, Oct. 15 at Goodrich.
2280	For local news delivered via email enter address here: Search for alleged OUI driver ends with a bang TOPSHAM Sometimes bad decisions come back to bite us.
2281	“For many first time protestors, this was a good first step towards radicalization.”
2282	Formed in 2010, the citizens' group was born in response to concerns over some lakefront property owners putting up fences to the waterline and posting 'No Trespassing' signs on the west beach, starting in 2007.
2283	Formerly the Matchbox Porter, this Dangerous Man mainstay was in part conceived by current Modist head brewer Keigan Knee.
2284	Former mischief maker traded trouble for a badge A visit with Gila County Constable Eddie Armer is a visit with the living history of the Rim country a very colorful history.
2285	Former New Hampshire House speaker Donna Sytek praised New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie in letters to the editors of area newspapers this week.
2286	Former owner of sub shop chain admits defrauding investors UTICA (AP) -- The former owner of more than 40 Jreck Sub shops in northern New York has pleaded guilty to defrauding investors out of millions of dollars.
2287	Former UAF professor gives people reason to look up March 18, 2013 at 10:54 AM Thanks, David, for the article and the great picture.
2288	For mobile users, click this link He told the Gayes' lawyer, "I was jealous and I wanted some of the credit..
2289	For more information about First Night, please call (908) 518-2983.
2290	For more information about programs offered at HSHS St. Anthony's Memorial Hospital, click here.
2291	For more information, call 307-367-2302 or the Cowboy Shop at 307-367-4300.
2292	For more information, call 629-2524 or visit www.seaford.lib.de.us. The Nanticoke River Arts is a group of local artists and friends dedicated to promoting the arts.
2293	For more information, contact Bob Hohne at rhohne@orr.
2294	For more information, contact Heidi at This email address is being protected from spambots.
2295	For more information on Mission Accomplished Ministry or to donate money or food, contact Sonya Huff by email at savesal@yahoo.com. The Ministry is located at 2721 Parkway Trail in Lithonia, Georgia, 30058.
2296	For more information on our organization, you can follow us on our facebook page at Jefferson County Retired Educators.
2297	For more information, visit civl.ca. We encourage an open exchange of ideas on this story's topic, but we ask you to follow our guidelines for respecting community standards.
2298	For more information, you may call (603) 224-4093 or (800) 924-8620, ext. 5815.
2299	For more than 20 years, the Center has been successfully assembling diverse funding partners and science teams to design, fund and implement high quality research projects.
2300	For most cooks it's hard to judge just how much food you will need when having a large crowd.
2301	For most of the last decade, Merkel enjoyed stellar popularity ratings as she pushed middle-ground policies which helped her party capture ground from the centre-left Social Democratic Party (SPD).
2302	For Mugge, the two are linked across time by the notion that drove his Rizzo documentary: "Politics as show business."
2303	For my age, fitness was a challenge.”
2304	“For my family, for my dad, the fact that we have this archive, that it’s going to be at Columbia and that people will be able to use it for research and to know his work, is wonderful,” says Marcel Agüeros.
2305	For No. 8 Roncalli, Kate Patek led them with a pair of aces and kills while Olivia Ziegler tallied four digs and a kill.
2306	For now, this is the closest we have to a legal adult marketplace.
2307	For one thing, the condition of the improvements, and for another, how recently the Kitchen and Baths have been updated.
2308	For questions regarding Closed Captioning please contact: Business Hours: 8:30am - 5:30pm If you need to contact the station after business hours, call our Newsroom at (814) 868-2424.
2309	For reasons which remain unexplained, the Crown failed to take any appropriate steps to request the extradition of Gill," he wrote in the judgment.
2310	For restaurants and bars, fines range from $400 for the first infraction up to $10,000 for repeat offenders.
2311	Forrest Bennett, candidate for office in HD 92, cited OK Policy in an interview with NonDoc.
2312	For Rossland, they will perform songs from latest studio album Less is More comprised of nine originals, plus reworkings of Hendrix’s Fire, Marley’s I Shot the Sheriff & Morricone’s appealing western spaghetti tune.
2313	For safe, effective cleaning of the bathroom tubs, tile and sinks even shiny fiberglass and glossy tiles sprinkle baking soda lightly on a clean damp sponge and scrub as usual.
2314	For starters, the ACA was never intended to cover everyone in the U.S. It was just another patch in our dysfunctional and costly healthcare markets which are run for profit by the insurance and pharmaceutical industries.
2315	For Tabares, taking the risk to help create Vitality is one of the most fulfilling acts of service he's ever done.
2316	For the 10th year, Ruth’s Reusable Resources is helping schoolchildren start the school year right, giving away more than 4,500 backpacks, each stuffed with about $50 worth of supplies to students at 19 schools around the state.
2317	For the body to function efficiently, the heart must get a proper supply of blood.
2318	For the final quarter of 2014, expenses rocketed 87 percent to $2.72 billion.
2319	For the first eight days of her life, our little girl had been nameless - referred to by the hospital staff simply as baby Mohammed Naib, after my father.
2320	For the first time ever, retail investors around the world will be able to invest in mainland Chinese equities.
2321	For the first time in the 17-year history of the St. John’s International Women’s Film Festival, a screening of art films will being presented in a space and style altogether different from the typical movie-watching experience.
2322	For the first time in years all six brothers and sisters, as well as mum and dad, will be in the same place.
2323	For the first time in years, there’s a possibility of a big shake-up on Hamilton County’s Board of Commissioners.
2324	For the government, this is part of an overall plan to use big data to direct more efficient use of resources.
2325	For the holidays, Eischen is offering gift certificates, especially with often-baffled gift givers such as husbands or fathers in mind.
2326	For the occasion, Thai people will make merit and gather in temples to pray.
2327	For the past 17 years, the FAME scholarships have been entirely funded by donations from the organization.
2328	For the past two years, however, the children have been in foster care in White Bear, MN.
2329	For the paths, they sprayed the lawn with herbicide, then used a sod cutter to remove the grass.
2330	For these reasons, I decided to run in the 2015 BUSU Executive Elections. 2. What experience do you have that makes you an ideal candidate?
2331	For the success to come, senior libero Caitlin Cox said she has tried to work on calming the freshmen down to help them relax and play their best games.
2332	For the time being, only one party is applying the lessons of history to the country’s biggest economic problems.
2333	For this reason, shastras clearly state that for those who think of the Guru as mere man and identify him with his physical attributes, they can never be liberated.
2334	For those times when a solar system is producing excess power over what the customer is consuming, the customer will receive compensation from IID at a rate equal to the amount the district pays under its lowest cost executed solar energy contract.
2335	For those who know Bob Saget, the only thing funnier than the surprise that the star of Full House is a relentlessly filthy stand-up comedian is the perception that he was anything like his squeaky-clean sit-com persona in the first place.
2336	For three years the Germans did occupy this part of Russia.
2337	FORT LUPTON -- Fort Lupton may have to surrender its two football wins because of its use an ineligible player.
2338	For too long Galashiels and Selkirk have been in decline.
2339	"For too long, our community has been the target of violence throughout the world.
2340	Fortunately, I grew up and found a wonderful woman who inspired me to get my act together.
2341	Fortunately, power was restored by 8:30 a.m. as temperatures dipped to -16 degrees Celsius.
2342	Fortunately, that means plenty of more chances for freshmen to familiarize themselves with their new home.
2343	For Ulrich, the bureaucracy of the Park Service can sometimes be frustrating.
2344	Forum on Girls’ Education Opens in Accra The 4th National forum on girls’ education officers of Ghana Education Service (GES), aimed at consolidating national efforts to improve girl-child education, has opened in Accra.
2345	Forward-thinking folks believe he's taking a franchise out of the basketball stone ages and making necessary steps to build an NBA contender.
2346	For years, only two types of chemicals have been used to try to kill bed bugs: pyrethroids — which include the toxic chemical DDT — and neonicotinoids.
2347	For years, she worked out of a video store in the city.
2348	For your sweet tooth, try the cheesecake, which is thin and scrumptious, and comes with a dollop of real whipped cream on the side.
2349	Foster told police, according to the report, that he had been "partying all night" and drinking vodka and spiced rum.
2350	Founded in 2010, Stratus Video grew 4,190 percent over the past three years with $11.5 million in revenue in 2015, according to the 35th annual Inc. 500 list, which ranks private, for profit businesses based on revenue hikes.
2351	Founder and Executive Director Jenny Murphy is the mastermind behind this movement.
2352	Fountain remained focused on what he knew would be the eventual outcome in his case, allowing for his return to the normalcy of school and football.
2353	Four months until the start of the cricket season.
2354	Four Teams heading off to the Mayor and Minister’s Cup Semi-finals This past week, a total of eight teams competed in the Mayor and Minister’s Cup quarterfinals at the Honorable Louis Sylvestre Stadium.
2355	Fourteen years of attempting to decapitate al-Qaida have failed — the group now has greater military power and territory than ever before," the report adds.
2356	Four years ago I explored importing the rare Cape Mountain Zebra.
2357	France also contributed US $25,000 towards the financing of the media in order to have a good responsible coverage of the provincial elections, in addition to the 200 Congolese journalists already trained by French media organisations since January 2005.
2358	France's prime minister said the possibility of a new attack "is our main concern" and announced several overnight arrests.
2359	Frank Newall That may well be the case but there is nothing in the Herald article to substantiate the headline, hence my comment.
2360	Frank Ringer (Photo by Jana Birchum) Life on the streets is a cruel enough test of anyone's independence, but in Forrest's extreme case, it was especially daunting.
2361	Fraternal twins occur twice as often at 7 per 1,000 births).
2362	Frederick J. Johnstone from Moose Jaw, who was stationed formerly in Whitehorse.
2363	Fred Sherwin/Photo Apparently, Orléans residents love their barbeque.
2364	Free Dental Clinic making an impact The donation of a dental practice to Love INC of the Tri-Cities has resulted in a flurry of activity for the local non-profit agency and service to many people previously unable to access or afford dental care.
2365	Freedom is liberating, so don’t take advantage of it!
2366	French media said a decisive Alstom board meeting, the second since Friday, would also take place yesterday.
2367	Fresh Bowls opening soon in downtown Baton Rouge Amanda Capritto @amandacapritto Fresh Bowls co-owners Andrew Kennedy (left) and Zack West.
2368	Fresno police officer turns gang members into ‘warriors for Christ’ FRESNO, Calif. — Police officer Dave Standley no longer patrols the streets of Fresno on Friday nights — he leads church.
2369	“Freud’s Last Session” runs through June 29. Comments are temporarily disabled.
2370	Friday, 07 October, 2016 at 2:52PM Winners of the Golden Apples awards revealed tonight Carlisle Racecourse is preparing to welcome more than 200 guests tonight, where the winners of the 2016 Golden Apple awards will be revealed.
2371	Friday, 9 September 2016 - 8:10pm Lady Gaga in talks to star with Bradley Cooper in 'A Star is Born' reboot 'A Star Is Born' reboot is going to be a directorial debut of Bradley Cooper Are Nina Dobrev and Scott Eastwood Dating?
2372	Friday, Oct. 14: Tiasha M. Vallejo, 25, of Syracuse, was charged with fourth-degree criminal mischief.
2373	Friday’s decision also was a rebuke to the actions taken by Brian Newby, the executive director of the U.S. Election Assistance Commission.
2374	Friday, September 20, 2013 at 4:53 pm John and Ida Breese celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary Sept. 14, 2013.
2375	Friday’s game was a SWBL crossover contest that didn’t count in the Southwestern standings.
2376	Friday, they’ll be back at it in the morning with the conclusion of teacher in-service on Thursday.
2377	Friedrick and other county officials attended an April 2013 private meeting Spectra held at the administration building in Medina.
2378	From 1 February 2013, MGD will be payable at an inclusive rate of 15% on the net takings of relevant machines, irrespective of where the machines are located.
2379	From Aussie cricketer David Warner in the West Indies to the World Surf League competitors in Fiji, the event captivated the world.
2380	From Black Friday to Grey Thursday Posted on December 4, 2013 by Bryan Acosta in Lifestyle It’s that time of the year again to cut the turkey, mash the potatoes, steam the corn, simmer the gravy, bake those sweet bread rolls and give thanks for it all.
2381	From every house.
2382	From genetic counseling to free Reiki, Heery and her colleagues treat body and soul pretty much 24/7.
2383	From her royal villa, which is partially open to visitors, I could see magnificent mountain scenery between Thailand and Myanmar on one side and between Thailand and Laos on another.
2384	From Nov. 7 to 18, the DECA organization held a student-led activity to assist families in Lee County.
2385	From packing bags for summer camp to giving moral support for final exams, she put her own problems aside so she could attend to those around her.
2386	From physical and property safety to traffic and health issues that require a community safety response, we need to invest in programs and services that fulfill this important aspect of community life.
2387	From Sabang to Merauke, I have ordered all regional military commanders to remain on standby.
2388	“From that day, I knew that dance was something I could do … I can still remember having to run outside and run around after seeing the piece that first time – it filled me with such exuberant love of life.”
2389	From that result non-believers force it all back in (defence NOT offence) to keep their well being and avoid stress, tension and frustration.
2390	From the 1700's with Hertford's first concert promoter to today's vibrant music scene, visitors will discover how music was recorded, performed and listened to through an eclectic mix of museum collections, oral history recordings and images.
2391	From the collection of Bob Bragman Photo: From The Collection Of Bob Bragman A look at Los Angeles through a brochure from 1921, showing movie studios.
2392	From the food editor: Expand your view of food with this discussion, and this recipe I hope you are ready to expand your mind with this week's Taste section.
2393	From the harbor of Hout Bay to the rocky coastline and Chapman’s Peak, there are magnificent views of the sandy bays below.
2394	From the initial reports it would seem that the attack was orchestrated and that the local police who were on the scene failed in their duty to prevent the incident and stood by passively whilst it took place.
2395	From the newspapers, the propaganda being waged by cause-oriented groups and or legal fronts against government is now being shifted to the streets, reminiscent of the old mammoth rallies of the past that usually turned bloody sometimes.
2396	From the original post: Nevertheless, today development still outpaces protection.
2397	From there, the U.S. looks less formidable — J.B. Holmes, Rickie Fowler and Jimmy Walker are Nos. 3, 4 and 5, respectively — but so does Europe, with Clarke forced to start salting in some of his newbies.
2398	From the sideline to the podium: Ethan/Parkston's Genant wins Class A shot put MADISON—Wes Genant joined the Ethan/Parkston track and field team for the first time this spring and he wanted to make an impact.
2399	From the start, Bowie understood perfectly that fans didn’t just want a pop song, they were desperate for the whole back story, the character, the journey that had brought him to this point.
2400	From unusual performances to that time when Steve Miller lost his shit.
2401	From Worringham, the funeral procession proceeded to Large City Hall where thousands of residents, including party members and youths chanted slogans and revolutionary songs.
2402	Front door into entrance hallway: Entrance hallway: Ceiling lighting.
2403	Frontline’s corporate counsel later told Kennedy the company would cooperate with the FBI’s investigation and voluntarily turn over Ziegler’s computer to the FBI—which Kennedy said he understood as meaning a search warrant would be unnecessary.
2404	Fuel laundering is a possible problem, though recent reports suggest that the problem is much reduced from what it was.
2405	Fuelled by a passion to succeed, he has created the largest and only integrated Real estate company in Oman offering a complete range of real estate products and services.
2406	Full game details and players comments will appear in Monday’s Daily Herald.
2407	Full participation is achieved when citizens are given the opportunity to take part in the deliberative process, in our case, better achieved when the system of local governance is devolved.
2408	Full Story Hunger and homelessness issues will be focus at two coming events in Mariposa Nov. 12-20 is National Hunger and Homelessness Awareness week.
2409	Full Story > Republicans have added more than 77,000 people to their voter registration rolls since last year, easily outpacing Democrats while still trailing them in overall numbers.
2410	Full Story Southside Baptist Jeff Cleghorn will give an organ and piano concert Jan. 25 at 6 p.m. at Southside Baptist Church.
2411	Fulton Hogan has been contracted to carry out construction works from 7 November 2016 through to early 2019, and has agreed to take on at least five of these apprentices.
2412	Fundamental details on whether this will in any way, address your concerns, have not been worked out.
2413	Fund lack, credit crunch fail to dampen Dinagyang Fest The pall of the global economic slowdown failed to dampen the festive mood during yesterday’s highlight of the Dinagyang Festival.
2414	Funeral services for Mr. Bateman will be held at 10 a.m. on Friday, January 22 in the chapel at the funeral home with Rebecca Hood and Lonnie Harris officiating.
2415	Funeral services were 2 p.m. Tuesday, Dec. 27, at Shackelford Funeral Di-rectors – Casey Chapel.
2416	Funeral services were held Feb. 16 at Shackelford Funeral Directors of Henderson – Casey Chapel with Rev. Jerry Wilson officiating.
2417	Funeral services were held today, Wednesday, February 18, 2004 at the Almlie Funeral Home for Mabel E. Griffith.
2418	Funeral services were September 25, 2015 at St. Margaret’s Catholic Church in Giddings with Father James Olnhausen officiating.
2419	Funeral services will be this evening at 6 p.m. at New Life Baptist Church in Goldsboro.
2420	Further, I will continue to call on the Obama administration to provide federal resources and funding to help ensure public safety.”
2421	Further meetings will include discussions on multi-state goals and initiatives to curb the influx of illegal prescription drugs as well as ways to better share information and resources between the states.
2422	Furthermore, captive management services are also zero rated for VAT purposes under the Value Added Tax Act. A company carrying on affiliated insurance is taxable at the normal company rate of tax which currently stands at 35%.
2423	Furthermore, the transformation of informal or undeclared work into regular employment could have a positive impact on the creation of formal jobs, thus contributing to achieve the employment targets set in the Europe 2020 Strategy.
2424	Further tests confirmed it by Dec. 22, and no decision has been made as to whether to depopulate the herd or put the animals through a test-and-remove process.
2425	Further, the sanctions imposed on my perpetrator are only an inconvenience to him, and that’s all they will ever be.
2426	Future "Big Brother" contestant Aaryn Gries attends a Halloween party with fellow Texas State student Shawn Onyechi.
2427	FUZENation 2016 kicks off tonight and you can see a full list of events and purchase tickets by clicking here.
2428	Gabbard always thought that the reason this themselves, was because the majority of their friends were girls.
2429	Gabe Darger, a freshman from Scarsdale, New York, studying business, has a tradition of watching the parade with his family and members of his home ward.
2430	Gallery: New signage facing I-94 at the updated Famous Dave's location in Maple Grove.
2431	Gambia has been trying to use the court to punish the European Union for the deaths of African migrants trying to enter Europe.
2432	Gamers can appreciate the different types of games available at prices they can afford.
2433	Garamendi came 10 percentage points shy of beating Vice Mayor Brent Ives, now mayor-elect.
2434	Gardening: Dedicated teacher passes on a love of plants to his students The grounds at Nobel Middle School (Photo by Joshua Siskin) By Joshua Siskin, The Pasadena Star-News Bloodleaf (Iresine herbstii) is an excellent plant for first-time gardeners.
2435	Gartside also allegedly identified a man known as “Malachi Boss” on Facebook as the second robbery suspect, whom police would identify as 23-year-old Christian Malik, according to documents.
2436	Gary E. Schuer, 31, was booked into the OCJ on a warrant with the charge of fourth degree Assault DV.
2437	Gary is an artist and Pat works part-time at Ephrata Brethren Children’s Center.
2438	Gasoline prices at many Sussex County gas stations are now above the $2 mark.
2439	Gates to the field, on 16th Street and Pico Boulevard, will open at 5 p.m. Parking is $5.
2440	Gaunse was transported back to London for judgment.”
2441	Gee, how could that ever happen?
2442	Gemma is joining the Royal Navy, Mary is starting a police apprenticeship and Billy is joining the Royal Marines.
2443	Gen2 expects to take on around 400 apprentices this year, along with 250 higher education learners, as it provides more than 10,000 days of short courses.
2444	“Gender equality in politics cannot be achieved without a major shift in attitudes of people in general, and in particular men,” Dr. Juree said.
2445	Gender variance and the bathroom question Our Contributors May 30, 2016 Op-Ed "Emphasis should be placed on an individual’s personality, skills, abilities, and relationships."
2446	General counsels are also increasing their workloads, according to Peter F. Lake ’81, a professor at Stetson University College of Law who specializes in higher education law.
2447	General imports from China in 2004 amounted to Lm10.8 million while exports amounted to only Lm2.8 million.
2448	“Generally speaking, these are areas of expertise beyond what normal forensic units do in law enforcement and they call us.
2449	General Manager Ken Noakes, who heads up the facility, said they are at the point where a lot of the major building has been done, so much of what’s happening is hidden from the camera, such as constructing concession stands and a kitchen area.
2450	Generic prescriptions cost anywhere from 80% to 85% less than brand name medications, according to the FDA.
2451	Gene Simmons, the bass player for the legendary rock group Kiss, believes that in America "the sky's the limit" when it comes to opportunity - and that it's even hard to fail in a country that allows for second chances.
2452	Gene Sloan, USA TODAY A two-story-high strip of shopping outlets along the Royal Esplanade includes a Michael Kors store.
2453	GEOFF NEVILLE, Times Sportswriter LOUISBURG -- The season is only six weeks old, but the Franklinton Red Rams have already clinched a winning record for the 2011 campaign.
2454	Geoscience Australia, Fisheries Research and Development Corporation, and Land & Water Australia are additional research and funding partners.
2455	German Ambassador Thomas Matussek said the veto was "an anachronism and should be abolished."
2456	German youngster Marcus Reiterberger, who has just returned from injury, impressively set the second fastest time in FP2 aboard his Althea BMW, with Rea's KRT team-mate Tom Sykes in third.
2457	Get behind them this season,forget the past years,its about here and now.
2458	Get Craig Gordon, Dedryck Boyata, Mikael Lustig and Saidy Janko out now.
2459	Get customized weather alerts wherever your phone goes The WRAL Weather app uses your phone's GPS to track your location and alert you when you are in the path of severe weather.
2460	Getting the ball back at the Bears’ 34, Cactus went to work.
2461	Ghani stressed the aid would cut the West's military bill by contributing to Afghanistan's stability.
2462	Ghislain Kerney, grandfather of victim Amanda Trottier, also confirms that Trottier’s three-year-old daughter was in the house when Trottier and her boyfriend Travis Votour were killed.
2463	GigaOm says Atlantic Bridge led the startup’s Series B round, while Samsung made a strategic investment and existing backers Naya Ventures and T-Ventures contributed.
2464	Gissendaner asked Ms. McDuffie to help her find that third party person and said she was willing to pay $10,000.
2465	Give a compliment but avoid commenting on the person’s looks, especially when writing to a pretty woman (how many others have done that?).
2466	Given that budgies have a diet high in fat from seeds there is a direct link between diet and the development of these tumors.
2467	Given that most online orders do not typically let you know who is delivering packages, much less decide, the results of this division were problematic.
2468	Given the aggressive regulatory regime of this Administration’s EPA, particularly as it applies to rural America and agriculture, a court order is necessary to prevent overreach.
2469	Glad you are safe at home.
2470	Glen Clark successfully became NDP leader and won an election as premier in part by running "against" his own party's previous Mike Harcourt government.
2471	Glenlyon Norfolk and Edward Milne won the senior boys and girls Cup titles, respectively, with 4-0 records, while the Belmont junior boys took their Cup with a 4-0 mark.
2472	Globally, the motor club said it expects global oil prices to stay relatively low for the first half of the year.
2473	Glór na Mara N.S. has a well established school garden and some of the teachers involved with this project will start the meeting by giving a short presentation on the inspiring work being done there.
2474	Glue to paper or poster board.
2475	"Go and get help before it's too late and set up study groups with classmates who are making good grades."
2476	Gobble down some melons (watermelons, cantelope, etc.) to help flush out toxins.
2477	God forbid a news organization try to broadcast news about some other part of the world.
2478	God gave each of us a conscience and we must use them.
2479	God the Holy Spirit has taken up residence in us during His remodeling work in us.
2480	Going so far out of town would turn Paynesville into a bedroom community, he said.
2481	Goldenrods are in flower.
2482	Golfers in Bella Vista who play the Berksdale Golf Course see and try to avoid hitting the large barn that stands beside the No. 6 fairway.
2483	Good luck, Mr. Morse.
2484	Good thing too, its karaoke night, and the woman up front, belting out Love is a Battlefield, is a fantastic spectacle.
2485	Good tunes, ‘fish dance,’ having fun help land prize pink at derby Sarah Holm beamed a bright smile while holding up her mighty, first-place winning fish at the Freeland Ace/Fishin’ Club Pink Salmon Derby on Saturday.
2486	Good work from Liam Coyle and Rhian Brewster brought the ball to Gomes and when Renshaw spilled his shot, Dhanda nipped in to tuck away the equaliser.
2487	“Google it,” they told him.
2488	Google recently unveiled plans even more radical, with flexible, re-configurable spaces under a canopy-like cover, a flowing design integrating inside and outside living experiences.
2489	Google said February 25 that Gmail is now available in the Myanmar language, marking the 74th language for the popular email service.
2490	Gordon Watson, chief executive of Loch Lomond & The Trossachs National Park said: “Each one of these projects in itself is making an important improvement to how people can enjoy the National Park, but taken together the scale of change is significant.
2491	Gore was President Bill Clinton's running mate in 1992 and served as vice president for two terms.
2492	Gorsek took some time from his busy schedule to answer some questions from the Advocate via email.
2493	Goshen College campus newspaper Annual research symposium celebrates student work Anna Costanza, a senior, delivers her presentation at the student research symposium this past weekend.
2494	Got a question for one of Lakeridge Health’s experts?
2495	“Go to confession regularly.
2496	Governing by crisis is no way to run a country.
2497	Government efforts to repatriate them back to their homeland have consistently hit a snag; they keep playing cat-and-mouse games with Police and KCCA, even as they live squalid lifestyles in the shanty areas of Katwe, Kikajjo and Kifumbira.
2498	Government expects the farmers to supply the initial 5 tonnes per hectare to state grain procurer the Grain Marketing Board as repayment for the inputs and retain the surplus for personal use.
2499	Governor Branstad says the two state-run institutions were antiquated and less expensive care can be found at privately-run facilities.
2500	Governor Bruce Rauner calls the decision disappointing, but not surprising, and repeated his call for lawmakers to act on the amendment themselves.
2501	Governor Scott said, "I am very proud of Florida's students, teachers and parents for showing that together we can all prepare our next generation for success in college and careers.
2502	Gov. Jerry Brown came to town recently to trumpet a bullet-train station to be built within a baseball’s throw of the stadium’s main entrance.
2503	Govt,CEC ink deal for Kabompo power project Government and the Copperbelt Energy Corporation (CEC) have signed the Implementation Agreement for the 40 MegaWatts Kabompo Gorge Hydroelectric Project in North-Western Province.
2504	Gov't Launches Plan to Help Homeowners Obama tackles foreclosures with an effort to assist homeowners who owe more than their homes are worth.
2505	Grab some friends, head downtown and throw on a pair of skates for a few loops, jumps, and axels in the heart of Baltimore.
2506	Grace will only work with a heart open to change and open to God’s will and not their own.
2507	Grade nine striker Aleah Nickel added three goals and grade nine midfielder Alison Wall scored twice and added an assist.
2508	Graham attended Sir Allan MacNab Secondary School where he distinguished himself in track and field.
2509	Graham MacIndoe appears in the following: A Love That Endured Addiction, Prison and Rehabilitation One couple reveals how they overcame addiction and made it through the criminal justice system.
2510	Graham Nash shares stories behind the songs in tour finale By David Singer/For The Daily Gazette October 10, 2016 TROY -- “All we have are a bunch of songs,” said Graham Nash early in the Sunday night show to a full Troy Music Hall.
2511	Gramse adds that in today's manufacturing world, employees can choose from many kinds of work environments and technologies.
2512	Grand Canyon’s five hits included two singles by first baseman Greg Saenz.
2513	Grand Opening of South Lake Tahoe's Youth Sports & Recreation Youth Sports and Recreation celebrated a ribbon cutting on January 31 with Tahoe Chamber on hand to officiate.
2514	“Grand Valley is very committed to professional development and leadership development,” she said.
2515	“Granger and Abers were playing really well early.
2516	Grant County prosecutors charged Charlotte Albert, 50, of Moses Lake, with..
2517	Granted, Fernandez facing New York next week might take some schedule reshuffling.
2518	Granted, we'll be only four games into the new season so we still can't really gauge how exactly the final 78 games will go after the Thunder face the Clippers on Wednesday.
2519	Grape yields might be below or even well below average but winemakers across two local wine regions are smiling, saying this year’s vintage is top quality.
2520	Graveside services followed in the Friona Cemetery in Friona, Texas.
2521	"Great Britain cannot continue to throw her hard-won millions into the bottomless pit of Celtic pauperism," wrote The Illustrated London News in March 1849.
2522	Green Devils win 3 of 4 in baseball FLINT – Prepping for the upcoming district tournament, the Brown City Green Devils won three of four nonleague baseball games last week.
2523	Greenleaf said everyone has contributed to the success the teams have had recently.
2524	Green said his 20-student section was impressed to learn from a former mayor, but said he still had to explain to some of them why Gray was so interested in D.C.’s economy and political issues of the city even after he left office.
2525	GregHall24@yahoo.com and Twitter / greghall24 “It’s the most high-profile job in Kansas City – and that’s over the mayor!
2526	GregHall24@yahoo.com and Twitter Pinkel left Franklin in Cotton Bowl because he froze “I'm the minority, but I love that Pinkel went with Mauk in a bowl game, and love that he went back to Franklin.
2527	Gretch’s front tire got stuck in a gap in the concrete and she crashed, landing mostly on her head.
2528	Grill over medium-high to high heat on a gas grill, or over medium-hot to hot charcoals for 3 to 5 minutes each side, or until the fish flakes easily when pierced with a knife.
2529	Grimm sued the board, alleging that its policy — requiring that students use bathrooms corresponding with their “biological sex” — is discriminatory and violates his civil rights.
2530	Grizzled veteran McCauley, aged 37, held the Midlands belt in 2010 and has completed 148 paid bouts.
2531	Group member Rob Langham, 27, from Bowburn, near Durham, said: “This is the third year we have done and it is really great.
2532	Grouse to your significant other.
2533	Growing up in the Battlefords, he took voice lessons from Dianne Gryba, and his voice training continues at Stratford.
2534	Growth for the oil importers is projected to fall from 5.0 percent in 2008 to 3.6 percent in 2009.
2535	GRP FLY is now planning to open a brand new creative space complete with a full retail area but also a place where kids can explore creative projects, Deas says.
2536	GSU professor responds to US syphilis experiments I watched the interview with the professor (Kathleen Sebelius) who was in charge of the research.
2537	Guam - Clifford San Nicolas took the stand in his own defense today.
2538	Guess the truth really does hurt.
2539	Guess who's not coming to dinner A few Chinese friends have the very annoying habit of shooting out dinner invitations at the very last minute.
2540	Guild Wheel users urged to take protest to councils Guild Wheel lovers are being urged to bombard councillors with demands to protect Preston’s 21-mile greenway from over-building.
2541	"Guilt has to be proven beyond a reasonable doubt," says attorney Thomas Brittain.
2542	"Guilty," Soderquist said when asked how he pled.
2543	Guitarist and vocalist John Pelant's body twitched every few words that he sang in a surprisingly clear falsetto voice, strikingly similar to that of the Cranberries' lead singer Dolores O'Riordan.
2544	Gujral: Importance of this monsoon forecast cannot be underplayed because that really gives the positive trigger to look for beyond these results.
2545	• Gull Lake Library: $4,500 to provide funding for operations.
2546	Gultakin Shakaraliyeva gave her letter to an international relief doctor who routinely visited her camp.
2547	Guyana has always insisted that Venezuela's claim to more than two-thirds of Guyana's national territory forms a serious threat to the development of Guyana.
2548	Guys as firemen swing their giant hose.
2549	Gwatney got what proved to be critical insurance with a run in the sixth that extended its lead to 4-2.
2550	Gymnasts will perform to music from the '70s, '80s and '90s as they showcase their talents in the final performance of the year.
2551	Haase wins regional wrestling tourney BELOIT — Ellsworth’s Ethan Haase won the 195-pound bracket of the Beloit 3A-2A-1A regional wrestling tournament Saturday, qualifying him to compete in the 3A-2A-1A State wrestling tournament.
2552	Haberberger’s term was not without its obstacles.
2553	Haberman handed the microphone to the next audience member.
2554	Habitat destruction, pollution and climate change have brought as many as 20,000 species to the brink of disappearance, experts estimate.
2555	Had a nice lunch with Thibault in Chelmsford last week.
2556	"Hafeez on Monday went through a magnetic resonance imaging scan, which revealed that the condition of his knee had hardly improved," Pakistan Cricket Board sources said.
2557	Haley judged the breakfast category, which meant tasting each dish and rating it based on its taste, appearance, crowd appeal and creativity.
2558	Half of Rutherford's staff worked for her predecessor, Paul Biane.
2559	"Half or more of the clients we have are people who cross the frontier," says Isaac Batista, who works at a liquor store on the main street, where cigarettes and alcohol are far cheaper than in Spain.
2560	Hamas is playing its cards wisely.
2561	Hamilton's son would later grow up to be a part of the Mormon church.
2562	Haney also pointed out that he has been an international business man.
2563	Hannah Kady and McKenzie Wilhelmsen each delivered key RBI hits.
2564	Hannon, PSAC tournament MVP, earned first team honors along with Flatley and O’Neill.
2565	Haphazard decisions get us into trouble.
2566	Harare City who have 28 points host Hwange on Saturday and also have a chance to move on top ahead of Sunday’s BF battle.
2567	Harbaugh brought three kickers on the road for the game against Rutgers, which the Wolverines won, 78-0.
2568	Harbor City received a $500 stipend for the purchase of poetry books.
2569	Harper government seeks to make organic and natural health products illegal It has been a well know fact that the Harper minority government seeks to defend Big Business interests at the expensive of Canadian rights and values.
2570	Harris, 68, has left the court and will officially retire May 8. The jurist, who sat in Van Nuys, came to the bench in January 1991 as one of then-Gov.
2571	Harrison could probably be used as a pick-up line with how many fines he gets for his play in the league.
2572	Harris retiring: Andrew Harris, the longtime director of government relations for Georgia Tech, has retired from the legislative liaison position.
2573	Has he disappeared into a hole of another kind or something akin to a hole in Alice in Wonderland?
2574	Hashima Island in Japan is one example.
2575	Has it raised awareness to police brutality?
2576	Hassleback has been a Band-Aid the past few seasons, spending nearly as much time in the locker room as he has on the field.
2577	Has someone spoke to Mr. Rocco yet?
2578	Has the Arizona Dept. of Transportation responded to the Sedona community’s demand for the preservation of its irreplaceable natural heritage?
2579	Hastings then traveled to Austin on Friday night and lost to Rochester Mayo, 1-0.
2580	Have a big heart.
2581	Have the same love for him as for yourself.
2582	Having a door to the side aspect, loft access and a radiator.
2583	Having a double glazed door to the front and double glazed windows to three aspects.
2584	Having a priority checklist available can help you remember important details about each home so that you can narrow the field.
2585	"Having a state-of-the-art athletic and recreational facility offers tremendous opportunities for interaction between our college and the community.
2586	Having followed up with South West Trains, this should mean that the problems of the gap between some of the trains and platforms should be reduced by increasing the height of the platform, making it easier to use for everyone.
2587	Having gone behind in the 11th-minute to Ryan Gosling's close-range finish from Adam Smith's cross, Sunderland had done well to hit back with Victor Anichebe thumping in his first Premier League goal since May 2015.
2588	Having grown up on Prince Edward Island, where a similar three-stream trash system exists, third-year environmental studies student Caitlin Gallant is excited about the change.
2589	Having someone to supply you with a feedback can assist you to improve your work.
2590	Having to explain oneself to an authority over ones beliefs or expression of them has great potential for abuse.
2591	"Having to play American League rules is actually an advantage to us," Maddon said.
2592	Hayes said the five work stations take a portion of the existing third floor lunchroom.
2593	Hazen uses sunflower seeds to keep himself occupied.
2594	He acknowledged already hearing from a few coaches in the Valley, and while time may be of the essence for financial reasons, the next coaching job he’s offered may or may not be the one he accepts.
2595	Head coach Doug Henie said the gyrating huddle was a new deal, with its start two weeks earlier during the Cook Inlet Conference tournament.
2596	Head coach Ken Pearson was so mad at the refereeing that he got up, picked up a bunch of hockey sticks, and hurled all of them right onto the ice!
2597	He added a lot of other remarks that made me wish that I had taken one of his classes.
2598	He added: “I warmly welcome this actually.
2599	He added that at the time symphysiotomies were being carried out, having an anaesthetic was dangerous and cesarean sectiion was still not a safe option.
2600	He added that Islamic Book Service published only the best authors, such as Harun Yahya and Dr. Bilal Philips, to ensure their books were of the highest standard.
2601	He added that North Korea’s actions "complicate, if not practically rule out the chances of resuming" six party talks to ease tensions on the Korean peninsula.
2602	He added that often Fanshawe hires its students, which is a good testament to the work being done at the College.
2603	He added that "we're talking about a bigger package.
2604	He added the G was the first tractor brought to Olds with built-in hydraulics.
2605	He adds: "Even on social issues where there is perceived to be a natural fit among religious Hispanic voters and the GOP, a divide exists.
2606	Heading into the season, sophomore Taylor Chase knew the team had potential, but a banner season wasn’t something she expected.
2607	He advises Albania’s president Bujar Nishani and manages his family’s properties as well as the Queen Geraldine foundation, which supports poor families, orphans and children in need.
2608	He also acknowledged that banks had a special responsibility to its customers.
2609	He also called for taxing women who wear hijabs and for banning the Koran, which he compared to Hitler’s autobiography “Mein Kampf”.
2610	He also leaves his grandson, Owen Bilodeau, of Hull; sisters Sally Quinn Farrell of Groton, NY and Mary Quinn Vella and her husband, Tony Famiglietti, of Trumansburg, NY, as well as many extended family members.
2611	He also loved the time spent farming with his father.
2612	He also recognized that businesses are hurting and may continue to suffer until the project's completion date, July 31. "The work is on schedule, but it will be tight," Mr. Armlin said.
2613	He also said that abstaining from stimulants while young would prepare one to take the proper dose of these boosters when he would need them at an older age.
2614	He also said that the Minnesota School Board Association ruled that school districts are not generally allowed to contribute to charities.
2615	He also said top position prospect Jesse Winker has to show he’s recovered from a wrist injury before he’s called up.
2616	He also sought continued resources to counter transnational organized crime and terrorist threats south of Sulu Sea between southern Philippines, Indonesia and Malaysia.
2617	He also sought the chairman’s ruling on Mr Nkombo labelling the ruling Patriotic Front (PF) as a curse when the party was elected into office by the people.
2618	He also worked with equipment and procedure changes like using lifts instead of ladders and managing the carpet cleaning in-house instead of outsourcing the work.
2619	Health authorities later said some 30 people needed treatment.
2620	He and Rench have been friends for 20 years; Smith says Rench is the ideal individual to grow the bank’s business in Southwestern Illinois.
2621	He and the Jets were thrilled when their 3-11 season mercifully came to an end after a 31-21 loss to the Dallas Cowboys on Dec. 21. In his last season with the Jets before joining the Washington Redskins, Riggins rushed for over 1,000 yards.
2622	He appears to be taking his own words to heart.
2623	He argued genocide is a legal term that only the courts can apply -- even though some of our allies, including the United States, already use the term. Granted it's the Liberals who hold the majority and the Conservatives who are newly defeated.
2624	Hearing no response on the proof, the county clerk and her staff assumed the ballot to be correct and ordered them to be printed.
2625	He asked the businesses to work together to try and get an affordable housing project built this year.
2626	He asks you to be alert and place your order immediately.
2627	Heath Cummings is a Senior Fantasy Writer that covers Daily Fantasy Sports of all types.
2628	He attended school in Philip and Bridger, SD.
2629	He attended six years of elementary school in North Baker, three years at Helen M. Stack Middle School and three years at Baker High School, graduating in 1944.
2630	He attributes his impressionistic ability to his drama school days where he learned, "If you're going to play a character, you've got to get under the skin of the guy."
2631	Heaven is the favoured destination for most; a place where our conscious personality, no longer shackled to the limitations and burdens of physical existence, survives within a perpetual state of bliss and joy throughout eternity.
2632	“Heaven’s Gate” became synonymous with box office disaster, and its failure brought about the collapse of its studio, United Artists.
2633	Heavily influenced by jazz and blues, she and Vaughn share in the songwriting process.
2634	Heavy surf during a storm leaves a deep layer of the algae on Scarborough Beach that could take weeks to clean up.
2635	He began playing football in Grade 9, almost on a whim.
2636	He began to think that he was reaching his plateau as a baseball player.
2637	Hebert said if a person is cut on debris, or anything that has touched floodwaters, the person should wash the wound with warm water, apply an antibacterial ointment and watch for signs of a serious skin infection, such as staph.
2638	He broke half the Commandments before he was grown.
2639	He brought his research here, too.
2640	He busted my door down, broke it down and tried to kill me and I wounded him.
2641	He called it "a great experience" adding that "it's been 30 years I've been playing volleyball and Brazil to me is the champion."
2642	"He came in with a knife and asked us, 'where is the money?'
2643	He can’t understand the human condition, he says.
2644	He cited a set of United Nations principles that, read literally, would put a veto in the hands of every aboriginal community.
2645	He complains about her health?
2646	He completed postdoctoral training at Penn State and Harvard universities.
2647	He conducted 50 waterfowl-related programs throughout the year, spreading his knowledge to radio audiences and Arkansas’s youth.
2648	He could, according to Pat, no longer visit prisoners in their cells without a guard to accompany him and, after eight years the regimentation became too much.
2649	He could be wondering if Eddie, who has never performed live other than karaoke, remembers back six or seven months ago the charmed second audition that brought Love and AGF together at last.
2650	“He could come down and do his thing in front of an appreciative audience.”
2651	He’d already had several conversations that year with Steinmetz about various band issues.
2652	He defended six shots on goal of Stanford’s 18 total, and ended up on the ground in the 11th minute after colliding with Stanford’s Drew Skundrich while snatching a ball out of the air.
2653	Hedegaard: A unified European system with tough security measures.
2654	He did, in fact, get out of bed when the time was right.
2655	He did not give a breakdown of how many prisoners would go free immediately and how many would remain behind bars.
2656	“He didn’t have that responsibility.
2657	He didn't say his budget doesn't focus its cuts on programs for the poor, or non-defense discretionary spending.
2658	He died at the age of 12 in 1973.
2659	He disclosed that Akosombo power plant is running on a low level because it’s cannot meet the demand.
2660	He does accept donations of money and hay along the way, stating it costs about $65 a day for the feed and upkeep on the horses.
2661	He does assign a 15 page essay rather early, but does grade taking the time we have to write it into consideration.
2662	He does not pretend to be impartial.
2663	“He doesn’t want to leave, but he will leave.
2664	He doesn't want to see his children Carl and Judith in danger, though for the first time in the seven seasons, he confessed to knowing that Judith is not his child.
2665	He earned an associate of science degree in law enforcement from Springfield Technical Community College, and then went on to attain his bachelors of science and masters of science degrees in criminal justice from Westfield State University.
2666	He ended on an up note, lauding the Alfred E. Smith Memorial Foundation for raising $6 million at the dinner and calling for the nation and world to come together.
2667	He ended up in a packing plant, you know, packing, like, I think, potato chips or some snacks, packaging them, which is, you know, not necessarily a job that a man like that sees as being worthy of his skills and dignified.
2668	He enjoyed watching the kids and was an avid supporter.
2669	He enjoyed wildlife, the outdoors and was a wonderful father, brother, friend and neighbor.
2670	He even has an education in musical-performance and he watches Melodifestivalen!
2671	He explained that salary negotiations go through a long process that ensures fairness and accountability; hence the ICU couldn’t have influenced the decision not to grant the workers their demand.
2672	He expressed delight at the pace of work at the Kurutie-Gbaramatu 16-kilometre road with four bridges.
2673	He finally made up his mind on the way back from a speech to a group of veterans.
2674	He first became interested in them while serving at president of the Kansas City Board of Police Commissioners.
2675	He found an investor, bought a furniture company in Los Angeles and weathered tough labor and market conditions to make it profitable within a year.
2676	He further added that Cuddalore needs help, not panic.
2677	He further noted that student and faculty exchange programs can help develop cooperation between the two sides.
2678	He graduated from the University of Oklahoma and was a CPA for Tom Pharaoh CPA and Associates.
2679	He had a sharp pain in his neck and couldn’t move his body, which led medical personnel to assume he had a spinal cord injury – with worst case scenario being a broken back or a broken neck.
2680	He had assumed it was compassionate assistance and was angry when Zimdef officials later told him it was a loan because he had never asked for it, sources said.
2681	"He had planted them there a few days earlier."
2682	He has a BA Degree from the University of Utah in Accounting, a field he worked in for 13 years before successfully transitioning to a much more fulfilling role in career management.
2683	"He has a lot of weapons, just got to try and take them all away.
2684	He has a platform bigger than the other candidates he is saddled by baggage.
2685	He has been coach of Iran national team as well," Khademalsharieh stated.
2686	He has been providing mortgage financing in the Southern California area since 1987.
2687	He has been telling friends that he is backing Cameron but would fall behind Clarke if the former chancellor stands.
2688	He has completed nine out of 10 years' imprisonment awarded to him.
2689	He has gone so far as to insult Mexicans, veterans, African Americans, the disabled, reporters, Muslims, Asians, and women, oh so many women.
2690	He has never owned a business so I guess all those job creating problems are Greek to him.
2691	He has not yet found someone who saw the fireball or heard the blast of a sonic boom.
2692	He has only said what has been hatched and being executed against the Igbo Natives and Nation by his likes in the Southwest and other hostile parts of the country.
2693	He has played with various bands and many different styles throughout his career but always returns to his roots in folk music.
2694	He has spoken openly of his addiction and what lengths he went to feed his constant craving for the next high.
2695	He has taken the same creativity and applied it to claddings, making conversation pieces out of stairwells.
2696	He hired Freeze as an administrative assistant and promoted Freeze to an on-field assistant in 2006.
2697	He holds virtually every rushing record at Saint Stephen’s — career rushing yards and touchdowns, single season touchdowns — and less than a year after his mother, Erma Fordham, passed away, he delivered the Falcons to their first state championship.
2698	He hopes to correct that through research.
2699	Heirs must be proactive about this, she says.
2700	He is a former Hooksett Citizen of the year and helped to start the town’s youth athletic association and build it’s athletic field complex.
2701	He is a member of the Greenwood Area Chamber of Commerce and is active in the South Carolina Tennis Association and the Greenwood SERTOMA Club.
2702	“He is a very skilled, smooth skating defenseman who can contribute offensively,” said Mark Coletta, head coach of the university team.
2703	He is currently in his first year heading the Lawton Christian basketball team and has led the team to a 9-1 record thus far.
2704	He is expecting councils to fund early intervention projects with a lot less money, which will inevitably lead to more projects that work with troubled families closing.”
2705	He is not, according to the agency, “a key decisionmaker.”
2706	He is not just the Catholic pope, the Christian pope, the pope of believers, but he is a "holy father" to everyone.
2707	He is not only a traditional sports trainer, but also an inspirational figure to the athletes he patches up.
2708	He is on the teaching faculties of Barnard College and Vassar College.
2709	He is optimistic that under his leadership Barbuda will pull itself out of this situation, and he pointed to planned development in the form of hotel resorts in about 18 months to two years.
2710	He is so wrapped up in his lies he does not know what the truth is.
2711	He is the author of several management texts “In Search of Excellence”.
2712	He is the editor of the ABC’s Religion and Ethics website and a co-host of Radio National’s The Minefield.
2713	He is the executive producer ofThe Real Housewives franchise and hosts Bravo’s highly rated reunion specials.
2714	He is then due to travel to Paris for a major summit on climate change.
2715	He just confirmed that racism is here.
2716	He just missed winning the 1600 as Van Wert’s Jared Fleming edged him out by 0.03 seconds at the finish line.
2717	He later apologized for his apology and explained that he hadn’t seen the news in two months, and didn’t know that BP recently destroyed the ocean.
2718	He later joked that Cruz, who Trump has argued is not qualified to be president because he was born in Canada, was "an anchor baby in Canada".
2719	He launched it a few months before he handed over power to elected president, Alhaji Shehu Shagari in October.
2720	He learned the art of..
2721	He left behind a vast cane collection from around the world, and over a hundred of them are on display in the museum.
2722	He left his car to speak with her, at which time he was able to detect the role of alcohol in the incident.
2723	He let the love flow like he saw the Panthers doing on Sunday.
2724	“He let them know we were here to play baseball.
2725	Helias volleyball falls to Logan-Rogersville at sectional After winning the first set of Saturday's sectional match against Logan-Rogersville, the Helias Lady Crusaders couldn't close it out to..
2726	"He liked numerology, to expand his mind so to speak, it was his passion.
2727	He limited the Indians to one hit -- a Kipnis double to the right-center warning track off Fuentes' glove -- in the first five innings.
2728	Helmut Lang is the perfect example of the duality of my brand: When you look at a piece, it may not have crazy hanger appeal, but as soon as you put it on, it transforms.
2729	He looked like he was starting to feel it a little bit.
2730	He made it to the Top 4. Theresa Caputo, "Long Island Medium" Theresa Caputo, "The Long Island Medium," was born and raised in Hicksville.
2731	He married Kimberly Lucille Barber on March 9, 1989 in Ada.
2732	He may help the Toronto rotation withstand the loss of Sanchez — but only if he improves on the 5.46 ERA he posted in 21 starts with Pittsburgh this season.
2733	He meant that, now that I was allowed to bloody other people’s copy, the goal was getting people to use their own voice.
2734	He moved to Southern California with his wife in 1987 to take a job at KLON, the jazz radio station, where he remained for 11 years.
2735	Hence they could not be alienated for long.
2736	Henderson said she resigned to allow someone take out a petition to fill the remainder of her term and who has the time to give the community what it deserves in a council representative.
2737	He needed a job to support his family.
2738	He needed a new beginning and a second chance.
2739	He noted how we meteorologists occasionally refer to cold fronts “breaking up” as they cross our North Carolina mountains and he wondered why that happens.
2740	He not only impacted my life in a meaningful way, but also three of my other siblings who’ve all been coached by him.
2741	Henry's three rushing touchdowns and 147 yards helped lead the Tide past Wisconsin.
2742	Hen says he works between two and eight hours each day, and spends his free time at the beach or hanging out with friends.
2743	Henson's attorney, Richard Woods said jurors deliberated longer than it took to present evidence.
2744	He occupied the archbishop's seat in this very church from 1977 until 1982, when he moved into the Vatican, and ultimately became Pope Benedict XVI.
2745	He often holidayed with his family in Palm Springs and decided in the late 1970s that he wanted to make his home here.
2746	“He once told me that he’d spent more than two thirds of his adult life under indictment for one charge or another.
2747	He opened with remarks on the administration, and the status quo in Washington, D.C., which he’s been a part of as a congressman and senator since 1997.
2748	He - or she - is still out there by the episode's end.
2749	He owns upward of 50 properties with more than 1,200 units.
2750	He paints flowers on her naked body covering her Mongolian spot and then on his naked body.
2751	He pleaded with them to urge their family members or friends who are involved in illegal drugs to surrender.
2752	He proved what he could do during the season.”
2753	He raised four boys and one girl on the farm.
2754	Her business was going well and recently she decided to branch out and open Chonlada Shop on Anusarn Market to expand her business and respond to her customers’ requirements.
2755	Here, again, for anyone unaware of the Colonel, is a repeat of that dream (US Army War College Quarterly, Summer 1997): “There will be no peace.
2756	“He really put it to Robin Carnahan,” said Missouri State University political scientist George Connor.
2757	Here are some specific to-dos for playing it safe.
2758	He received the highest and most distinguished medal, the Congressional Medal of Honor, the French Croix de Guerre with palms and over forty other high Allied decorations.
2759	He recovered, but did have some brain damage that made him unable to keep a job.
2760	He referred to Poland and Hungary as two of many places where this occurred.
2761	Her efforts to reconcile with the liberal bloc may be questioned for sincerity.
2762	He remains involved at Ivy Tech as a member of the academic advisory board for the Respiratory Care program and a member of the organization committee for the Annual Kentuckiana Symposium at Ivy Tech.
2763	Here's a few excerpts from his "War is a Racket."
2764	Here's a list from personal finance technology company SmartAsset.
2765	Here's a look at some of the fires: High winds pushed a northern Utah brush fire out of a field and into a neighborhood, destroying at least 10 homes in trailer park.
2766	Here’s our chance to say “I knew him when.”
2767	Here, the downsides would be more insidious, damaging and permanent: destruction of natural land, disappearance of wildlife species, and the loss of what makes Niagara unique in the Golden Horseshoe – its scenery, charm and reputation as a getaway spot.
2768	Here, the situation is somewhat different.
2769	Here, the youngster talks about her dream to be directed by Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra, her desire to work alongside Amitabh Bachchan, and more.
2770	Here to talk about what you need to know is our friend Christine Moriarty with :30 Ways to save!
2771	He returned an interception for a touchdown midway through the fourth quarter that got the Chargers to within 24-19.
2772	Here was an example of a turn of speech called the "Oklahoma Indirect" at work.
2773	Here, we check out the improved version.
2774	Herewith a list of matters urgently requiring our attention.”
2775	Her experience in the organization is far from shows like “Scream Queens” and movies like “The House Bunny.”
2776	Her family hopes that medical marijuana—now legal in our state, though not available until at least early next year—will help reduce the number of seizures that Amanda must hurdle during her life of school and play and Teen Beach movies.
2777	Her father, Arthur Blayney Percival, was a pioneer settler and the first Chief Game Ranger for the Kenya Game Department.
2778	Her fiance is a graduate of SUNY Potsdam and received his master’s degree in TSOL from Portland State, OR.
2779	Her fiction features unique and special characters, many who are deaf, blind or just quirky.
2780	Her first acting gig, the female lead in The Full Monty, turned heads (and introduced her to her now-husband, the Skinny Improv’s Jeff Jenkins).
2781	Her husband, one of the first Zaka first aid volunteers to arrive at the scene, discovered that his wife was among the victims when he approached the attacked car.
2782	Her influence goes beyond the hospital walls.
2783	Her jaw dropped when I pointed this out.
2784	Her latest endeavours showcased her talents at the Evolution fashion show in March 2011 which showcased her line, GAIA and most recently, she participated as the official designer for the Bahamas at Sunrise Dream Wedding in September.
2785	Her parents brought her to Chicago when she was 3 years old, and she does not have legal immigration status.
2786	Her passion for humor and the wish of her father and mother, Valerie, to help other families of pediatric cancer patients is what inspired, Comedy 4 Cancer, a fundraiser, 8 p.m. Friday at the Warren Community Center auditorium.
2787	Her pieces are informed and inspired by her years of travel and work in Africa, Australia and other parts of the world, and have been shown in galleries and museums.
2788	Her pretty voice shines over poppy piano riffs, anthemic guitars and smashing cymbals graced with electronica elements.
2789	Her rendition was dedicated to Walmart’s Filipino employees, many of whom got teary eyed while listening to Knapp, a U.S. resident since 1994.
2790	Her revival was short-lived, however, as the tenacious Kerber stepped up another level to reel off five straight games and set up an ultimately routine victory.
2791	Herrick said his department is working with the Federal Bureau of Investigation and law enforcement agencies to investigate the threats and determine whether they're credible.
2792	Her social incompetence was made obvious in a comedic scene involving a marriage proposal.
2793	Her son has ADD.
2794	Her sugar work is legendary (think intricate Day of the Dead tableaus and towers strewn with sweet, gum-paste flowers) and her creations are as delicious as they are beautiful.
2795	“Herzog is neither relevant nor a leader, and should have resigned as the head of the opposition a long time ago,” Odeh said in a statement.
2796	He said a delegation from BR visited the Transnet manufacturing facilities in Salt River, Cape Town and Koedoespoort, east of Pretoria, to witness production of the coaches.
2797	He said although he doesn’t know the answers to everything, he tries his best to educate people in a fun way.
2798	He said for the past three years, the district has been required to amend its budget.
2799	He said future concerns about race 'would be met with rejection because we've already demonstrated that we're not a racist nation.'
2800	He said he demonstrated that on Monday when he responded to robbery report.
2801	He said his client will be recovering from the “stress” of court proceedings but is excited to start his community service.
2802	He said, 'I don't think you want to.'
2803	He said if they want to celebrate they should also prepare another celebration when they are sacked.
2804	He said it creates confidence when the children come to know their spots within the larger group.
2805	He said it was “demasiado poco tiempo” between pumpings and I had better think about dealing with my problem.
2806	He said it was no secret that the Town of Mamaroneck officials also are studying what it would take to get a community center.
2807	He said, ‘I will take you like I would take my wife to the hospital.’
2808	He said states like New Jersey, New York, Maryland, Delaware and Virginia have already lost land to rising tides, and he believes the report is New Hampshire’s first step toward preparing for a similar fate on its own shores.
2809	He said that filling of assets declaration forms is not even “done at the point of filing of nominations”.
2810	He said that one of Romania's major priorities is to solve the conflict in Transdniester while safeguarding the sovereignty and integrity of the Republic of Moldova.
2811	He said that the force's responsibilities include target reconnaissance and tracking, global positioning operations, space assets management and defending against hostile activities in cyberspace and the electromagnetic field.
2812	He said the accused admitted guilt and was remorseful hence did not waste the court's time.
2813	He said the environmental impacts may have lasted as long as six days and likely killed juvenile coho salmon and steelhead trout living in the creek.
2814	He said the government needs to look ahead, especially given the need to confront the quasi fiscal deficit of the Central Bank.
2815	He said the meeting would now go ahead at another time and said those wanting to stage a bigger gathering should take the necessary steps to do so.
2816	He said the organisation wanted to see Zimbabwe being able to manage its natural resources without external assistance in the future.
2817	He said: "The town is compactly atmospheric and little changed since it was home to Thomas Hardy and his wife Emma - and who knows if legends are correct - also used by Dickens for Snodgrass and Wardle of Pickwick Papers.
2818	He said they also have to work harder on junior development and channel more resources towards junior development.
2819	He said they have proven themselves more than capable of doing their jobs.
2820	He said third-party payment processors use algorithmic technology designed to obscure the nature – and prevent the detection – of such schemes.
2821	He said this would also be a safety issue for ATVs as well.
2822	He said we need to do everything we can to “make Manhattan more beautiful than it already is.”
2823	He said, "You can't fly straight ahead because you'd be right over the top when it blows up and nobody would ever know you were there."
2824	He said young team members Dustin Silverthorn, Jorge Ornelas, Tyler Laurie and Stphen Hulse are all playing really well for the team right now, too.
2825	He’s also coming off a junior season in which he averaged 10.1 points per game, had an assist-to-turnover ratio of 2.7-to-1 and was named co-Big East Player of the Year with Providence’s Kris Dunn, another player on this list.
2826	“He’s also very accountable, which is important for anyone in life.
2827	He's a relative newcomer to coaching, beginning as an assistant in 2010-11 with Wagner.
2828	He sat down--at the piano.
2829	He's a writer's writer, and aspiring food chroniclers could do well by reading his prose and pondering how he does it.
2830	He says having that many children in a family, “I had to work.”
2831	He says: 'I'm introducing the enterprise passport that will give everybody in the education system a book that documents what they do outside of school - set up a new business, play a sport.
2832	He says some extra-large trees may also have some problems.
2833	He says that, “foods are like friends.”
2834	He says that they are planting more and harvesting more compared to last year.
2835	He says that with young boys of that age, patience is the key.
2836	“He’s becoming a very well-rounded world class rugby player.
2837	He’s been married to wife Liz – who he met while working at Sky – since 1998 and the couple have three children Robbie, Matt and Olivia.
2838	He's calling on Congress to pass a jobs bill that includes billions of dollars to repair the country's transportation infrastructure and to promote the development of additional renewable energy sources.
2839	He sells handmade crafts from his native Mexico out of this store, but this campaign season he is renting out much of it to the Arizona Republican Party.
2840	He served in the U.S. Army during the Korean Conflict from 1953-1955.
2841	He severely sprained his ankle when he rolled over it on the mat – “It’s still swollen on one side,” Pallen said – and he’s also broken both his pinky and ring fingers.
2842	“He’s going to be good for our team,” Neal said.
2843	"He's going to start to see some coverages," Oklahoma State coach Mike Gundy said Monday.
2844	He’s got a massive stuffed gorilla to help him brave the turbulence and the newness of everything.
2845	“He’s got six touchdowns, no interceptions and is completing 76 percent of his balls.
2846	He's gotten so into it now, he's writing an article on sustainability and investment.
2847	"He's happier than he's been for years," a source told the Daily Star.
2848	He’s hearing that the $700M number would not increase property taxes, but he’s waiting to see for certain.
2849	“He signed my guest book when I cycled across Canada,” she said.
2850	He sliced the nets for 11 points, pulled down four rebounds, dished out two assists and had six take-aways.
2851	“He’s not afraid to have a really good stoush.
2852	He's not just some player, and also not only 18 or 19." Schweinsteiger said back in August that his "dream" was to play for United again.
2853	He spent 10 years as a director for the Future Farmers of America and was pleased to have been nominated as an honorary Chapter Farmer.
2854	He's quickly erased antiquated doubts that size (or lack thereof) might stunt his NHL ascent.
2855	He's right: The legislation from three years ago raised the annual interest cap to just 28 percent and set separate caps on fees.
2856	He’s staked his claim to the wrong side of history.
2857	He's still the same dogged, tenacious, hard-running midfielder that he was before he got hurt.
2858	He stated he refused.
2859	He stated, “It has been brought to our attention that state regulations prohibit any sort of ‘reduced fee gifting of services.’
2860	He stated that Islamabad was ready to hold dialogue with New Delhi.
2861	He’s the sort of individual that I really admire.
2862	He stopped shortly after Boedigheimer did.
2863	He’s trying to push the boundaries.
2864	He suggested that while the cardinal and those running the parade are “good men,” they are “not the ones always making the decisions.”
2865	He sums up metro catfish resources in just a few words: “Very good, under-utilized and growing in popularity.”
2866	"He’s very powerful, big serve.
2867	He talked about energy independence, fiscal responsibility and national security, and stayed largely away from social issues.
2868	He taught at the Mesivta Tiferet Jerusalem and, in his later years, served as a rosh yeshiva at Yeshiva University.
2869	He tells detailed diaper-changing anecdotes, asks for film and music recommendations, and almost proudly says, "I haven't seen or heard anything in a year."
2870	He tells his story when asked, he uses it as a teach tool, he accepts the jokes, chuckles himself, and then simply moves on.
2871	He tells the stories about all the people he met through being an actor in Shakespeare's troupe—the king, the queen, the other actors in the company and that whole world."
2872	He then wants to cut the taxes of wealthier citizens, who in turn will sit on this money or invest it out of state rather than in the local economy.
2873	He throws quick jabs followed by real punches.
2874	He told me to put ice on it and stay off it.
2875	He took particular interest in that program because he and other Laurens County business and community leaders believed their county needed something similar.
2876	He too was allegedly a pickpocket.
2877	He wanted to align himself with the noble, dry-cleaning Mom and Pop to duck being charged as an influence peddler.
2878	He wanted to remind people who are suffering that he had seen the face of injustice," she said.
2879	He wants his book to be the definitive neutral story of how an investigation into a real estate deal gone bad became an investigation into President Clinton's affair with an intern.
2880	He wants to avoid getting into a “boom and bust” situation.
2881	He wants to be part of the community and be connected to people.
2882	"He wants to help everyone."
2883	He wants to leave it to his 2-year-old son, Aman, whom he called “a life-changer” and “a healer.”
2884	He warned: "I think there is a problem just saying 'right, we're not going to do anything between now and October' to address the European Union relationship, because they don't want us hanging around and destabilising all their arrangements.
2885	He was 47 when he took office.
2886	He was 74. Deal: No decision yet on allowing guns on Georgia campuses ATLANTA (AP) - Georgia's governor says he hasn't made a decision on legislation allowing concealed handguns on the state's college campuses.
2887	He was accompanied by vice president elect William Ruto and his wife Margaret Kenyatta, who is the First Lady designate.
2888	He was admitted to practice only a year-and-a-half prior to joining the Public Defender’s Office.
2889	He was a good person screw the ones who think diff an sheila act your age Well, well.
2890	He was also – even Owsley almost blushes admitting this – quite handsome: tall and rangy, with thick, dark hair, soulful eyes and a swashbuckling way of carrying himself.
2891	He was a member of Beulah Pentecostal Church on Snake Ridge, avid fisherman, played guitar, spending time with family, and having coffee with his friends at McDonalds in Columbia.
2892	He was a member of the Church of Christ in Gruver.
2893	He was an avid Nebraska Cornhusker fan, not ever wanting to miss a single game, and he loved watching the Denver Nuggets.
2894	He was an electrician and was of the Baptist denomination.
2895	He was born February 21, 1932 at Caribou a son of John and Anna (Maskell) Cote.
2896	He was born in October-November 1670, Rajouri (J&K) four years after the birth of Guru Gobind singh.
2897	He was captured by Mexican federal police during a raid at a hotel used as a brothel in Mexico City.
2898	He was charged with failure to keep right, move from lane unsafely, speed not reasonable and prudent, uninspected motor vehicle, DWI and DWI per se.
2899	He was delighted to most recently open a “Noodles and Company.”
2900	He was flown to University of Kentucky Chandler Hospital by Air Methods air ambulance, where he was expected to have surgery to remove a bullet from his stomach.
2901	He was hospitalized at the time having surgery for another condition, called lymphangioma, which was causing a mass of benign cells to grow in the back of his throat.
2902	He was just eleven and a half weeks old.
2903	He was let to pass. While parts of his story seemed like the sort of loose talk you might hear in a bar, the sense of hostility and gamesmanship between locals and checkpoint agents was clearly genuine.
2904	He was moving his arms and gave a thumbs-up to the Ohio Stadium crowd that chanted, “Tommy, Tommy.”
2905	“He was one of those people who made time for everybody and you felt very comfortable with him.”
2906	He was on the German Protestant Cemetery Board, the German Twp. Zoning Board and belonged to the American Legion Post 241 of New Bremen, the New Bremen Historic Association, the Auglaize County Farm Bureau and the Traveling Wheels Camping Club.
2907	He was placed in special education classes until he dropped out of school at 16 to work in a mill.
2908	He was preceded in death by his parents, brother Ron and niece Krista.
2909	He was preceded in death by his parents; two sisters, Irma Brandon and Evelyn Yuill and a brother, Philip Malhiot.
2910	He was quiet and shy; but once you got to know him you could see that he had a huge heart.
2911	He was seeing the problem on the streets in Jamaica, where the politicians had succeeded in polarising the race.
2912	He was the husband of Johanne (Grenier) Mahon.
2913	He was the toast of Canada many years ago.
2914	He went out as he always did, telling a joke and making it easy on others and those he loved.
2915	He went to his bank, and his bank was going to charge too much interest.
2916	He went to talk to Michael Fassbender on the first day of rehearsals.
2917	He will be succeeded by a professional Asian-American diplomat who is an old hand in North Korean affairs.
2918	He woke up the following morning with a sore arm where part of the letterbox surround had hit him when it was blown off.
2919	He worked for Illinois Tool works for 28 years.
2920	He would even invite Shehu Musa Yar’Adua to a meeting of his Owu township elders!
2921	He would have been 41 on the 31st.
2922	He would have been 77 on January 15. Copyright 1999-2008 surfsantamonica.com. All Rights Reserved.
2923	He would have been celebrating his 26 birthday on the next day, had he survived this latest attempt on his life.
2924	Hey hey it want be long now.
2925	Hickok & Boardman uses the services of his property management company -- "a win-win," he says.
2926	Hide and seek and spy games are some of the favorites.
2927	Highlanders had intended to appoint Englishman Desmond Bulpin on $4,000 monthly salary with Mafu as his understudy.
2928	High school soccer schedule changes, May 4 games in Williamstown SDGAA high school soccer convenor Sean O'Farrell has modified the season's schedule, owing to the recent tragedy at Tagwi.
2929	Highway 138 reopens following Blue Cut fire Evacuated during the Blue Cut fire?
2930	Hiking and biking trails cover the terrain that varies from Cowles Mountain, the highest point in San Diego County, to lakes and streams.
2931	Hillary acts and reacts like an adult.
2932	Hillary Clinton is not a flawless candidate, but let's face facts: Donald Trump is not right in the head.
2933	HILLARY: I might but my kids are kind of attached to them.
2934	Hilltop (5-5, 8-8) is in fourth place, followed by Montgomery (4-6, 4-11), Chula Vista (208, 4-12) and Mar Vista (0-11, 1-13).
2935	Himebrook thought he’d work at WellPoint until retirement.
2936	Hindu laws should borrow from Sharia to give better rights to Hindu women, including easy divorce, legal status and equality to wives in cases of bigamous marriages.
2937	Hip-hop fan Joshua wows with Torah beats RAP fanatic Joshua Ezra took centre stage for his barmitzvah at Etz Chaim Synagogue on Shabbat.
2938	Hirano is also working on an emergency plan for her community, including helping senior and the disabled, and urging pet owners to get ID tags and microchips in case their animals run away.
2939	His alleged assailant was a man who repeatedly harassed his family with anti-Muslim, anti-Arab language.
2940	His articles and commentaries have appeared on CounterPunch, Z Magazine, AntiWar.
2941	His books have been translated into nine languages.
2942	His campaign is a rebuke to their institutions.
2943	His Canadian born daughter is married to a man in India.
2944	His classmate, Paul Charlebois, who was munching a sub, agreed with Gignac and added that though it is lame to blame school, regular exercise has taken a backseat owing to hours spent on studies and assignments.
2945	His early Blues playing days were at Otis McCain’s 3-day picnic in the Horsepen Community, a few juke joints around Grenada and the Cotton Bowl and Blue Flame in Carroll County.
2946	His early departure underscored the lack of leverage the 10-member grouping has in pushing military-run Myanmar towards more transparency and democracy.
2947	His eyes bulged as he gaped at his father.
2948	His high school coaches say he's ready for the challenge of starting for America's Team.
2949	His innings included 5 boundaries and three sixes.
2950	His Ladex Corp. is a leading Central American producer of seafood under the Maya brand.
2951	His latest release, The E.P. came out at the beginning of February and quickly climbed to number three on the Nielsen SoundScan Canadian Country Albums chart and number eight on the overall Country Albums Chart.
2952	His mantra would be that the pairing of multiple neutrals in one space creates peace and serenity.
2953	His most recent editing project was a 92-page report on the possible restoration of the Grover Homestead.
2954	His mother subsequently relocated to Newhall where she made her living doing laundry.
2955	His next question should have been; how in the hell does a deep snapper get his helmet dirty enough to need a deep cleaning?
2956	His obituary in “The New York Times” lauded his work as exposing “the flaws in the fabric of the American dream.”
2957	His own statement regarding India and China should point to that contradiction.
2958	His party decided to make him their spokesperson on less ideological matters like economic affairs, technology and mineral affairs.
2959	His party had barely made an impact at the state election six months earlier and was struggling to find any traction against the very popular premier Mike Baird.
2960	His passport says so, his name says so, and ethnically speaking he is.
2961	His pollster Richard Wirthlin informed him that most Americans did not agree with him, and even Republicans were divided on the issue.
2962	His presentation will begin at 7:30 p.m. following a Solemn Mass of Saint Padre Pio of Pietrelcina.
2963	His presentation will look at the intent of the standard and how practitioners need to use it in a Southern Africa environment so that they derive value from the asset base.
2964	His pride and joy was his 1936 Chevy Coupe.
2965	His reputation may have been built on a long-standing “law and order” and anti-drugs platform (he has tough anti-smoking policies in place too) but to his credit Davao counts among the Philippines’ better performing municipal economies.
2966	His research interest was in thyroid function.
2967	His rivalry with Gatlin has been given an added edge following remarks by the American relating to Bolt's withdrawal from the Olympic trials.
2968	His season high is 23 points.
2969	His section of the unit, closest to the battle lines, operated as a casualty clearing post.
2970	His sons, Adam and Casey, played Little League baseball for Bill, the family dentist and a long-time coach who had a full-sized baseball field on his property.
2971	His stuff was great."
2972	His thoughts on the bylaw are; “I think it is a bit silly.
2973	Historical changes in Alabama politics illustrated by Black, Sessions philosophies Our junior U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions has risen to national prominence in this pivotal presidential year.
2974	His wife forbade him to skate himself because of a leg he injured in a horse accident.
2975	His wife Mary Elizabeth, was President of the Women's Health Protective Association which was instrumental in Galveston's recovery from the devastating storm.
2976	Hitler became the face of World War II, Lenin – more than Marx – that of communism, etc. So who is the new face of Europe, and who is the creator of this new Eurasian Empire?
2977	"Hmm, I don't believe you, I reckon you will send me a notice but that's about it.
2978	Hoback resident Cathy Loewer agreed with Sommers that delisting is overdue.
2979	Hobbs and her tribulations with the water district were highlighted in last week’s cover story.
2980	Hoboken is across the river from New York City.
2981	Hoffman's probe, completed last March, confirmed the allegations in the 2010 whistleblower memo and expanded upon them, the company said in its summary of Hoffman's investigation filed with the Australian Securities Exchange.
2982	Hoge was part of a duo, Jukebox Mafia, that toured with Miranda Lambert, but after years of chasing an artist’s career, he decided to chuck that pursuit and take up writing fulltime, allowing him to stay at home and be more present as a father.
2983	Holthaus is of age to caucus and vote and planned to participate in Monday evening’s caucus.
2984	Homeless and in his twilight years, a Rottweiler finds love and happiness after a fateful moment in the spotlight.
2985	Home » Local » Columns » Kim Jo Bliss - Moo's From The Herd The Cloverbelt Local Food Co-op was here presenting how it could allow all of us to access more local food and even other items.
2986	Home » Monthly archive » April 2016 Please submit obituary information below.
2987	Home » Newspapers » Beulah Beacon » Beulah Beacon News » Projecting a 20 percent increase in real estate tax for the city of Beulah seems shocking.
2988	Home » News & Views » News Briefs » Rescued Russian Pilot Denies Turkish Contacts, Leaving Syria — But Turkey Releases Recording of Warnings The Russian navigator rescued after his aircraft was shot down by Turkey denies ever leaving Syrian airspace.
2989	Home / Which team wins on Friday?
2990	Honestly, it’s all the kid can do on a weekday night now just to lie in bed and watch Netflix on her Kindle.
2991	Honesty and forthrightness were his stock and trade, job one, his most valued currency.
2992	Hon. George Price A few blocks from here in an ordinary grave, rests a humble man.
2993	“Honoring the Code” is a film by Crosswinds Foundation for Faith and Culture, a Birmingham-based organization that was made to raise awareness of moral injury and point the way to help.
2994	Hood’s leadership has been recognized repeatedly over the past 10 years.
2995	Hopefully, he's now shifting the debate.
2996	Hopefully, these never get used, but it makes your department better for having it!”
2997	Hopkins Threads highlights diverse student fashion added by The News-Letter on May 4, 2014 View all posts by The News-Letter → Your email address will not be published.
2998	Horgan, too, officiated the game with style, smiles and grace.
2999	Horses will have a stable and satisfactory income, but they should still cut down their unnecessary expenditures.
3000	Hospice of Chesterfield County is beginning a new program that is a further extension of the ministry provided by the churches and our nonprofit organization.
3001	Hospice receives funds from rotary Peace Arch club makes good on promise to raise $100,000.
3002	Hosted by the U.S. Marine Corps Reserve.
3003	Host: No, sorry.
3004	Hours are October 16-17 from 10 a.m.-6 p.m. in front of the Joint Law Enforcement Center.
3005	How an attorney will react to matters bordering on fundamental human rights will be different from how other professionals will attend to same.
3006	How are the Vikings off to such a hot start that included wins in the first five games of the season?
3007	How are your motives and integrity?
3008	How can any nation keep up with such a rapid rate of population growth?
3009	How can that be a painting of peace?” the king reacted to the second painting.
3010	How can you sta aliv forevr?
3011	How could I turn down an opportunity like that?
3012	How did you get hired for the wedding?
3013	How do good or shy kids get the attention they need?
3014	How do you describe yourself—an activist, a wager of peace, an author, an independent researcher, a critical thinker or…?
3015	How do you know Obama won't before the election?
3016	How encouraging to see and hear such patriotism in these difficult times.
3017	However, any top contenders are still wary of the threat Briggs poses.
3018	However, cross-border illegal sales of raw felled timber to China, India and Thailand are believed to be much higher, say international environment NGOs.
3019	However, Emory does not care who his boys play.
3020	However, from the SR-143 side the views are frequent within the first mile between the parking area and the winter ranger station at the Alpine Pond Trailhead in the monument.
3021	However, Gov. Mario Cuomo had been a steadfast supporter of the 55 mph speed limit, thus making it unlikely the new measure would become law.
3022	However, he also declared that he had run for the presidency in part to end America's involvement in the Iraqi war, repeating his promise that the United States would not send ground troops back to Iraq.
3023	However, he cautioned Sri Lanka's international reserves remained below comfortable levels and also warned of credit expansion that could fuel further inflation.
3024	However, Heisley said Walker has already reached that level.
3025	However, her “Ninja Nanny”, Mporian, still has to protect them from the dangers that come with the territory.
3026	However, his abstract model remains what it is: an abstract model and not an accurate presentation of facts.
3027	However I can sense a piece that's had info passed on and one that's speculative!”
3028	However if you’re among others whose pie dough is tough or soggy or whatever went wrong when baked, the following is worthy of consideration.
3029	However, I must respond to Nini’s boycott of Zilber.
3030	However, I remember them as 'cajones' -- when they functioned normally.
3031	However, it hasn’t all been scary for the town.
3032	However, it is obvious that Scottsdale’s community leaders have given in to the pressures of special interests at the expense of family values and long-standing standards of morality.
3033	However it is only the first conversation I hope to have with other notable thinkers in search of answers I believe we must find before it is too late.
3034	However, it’s only in the past 25 years or so that the military has become more attuned to combat stress and able to define medical terms like PTSD and TBI and link them to battlefield casualties, said Stroup.
3035	However, McGill were upset 11-10 by the Ottawa Gee Gees on Saturday making Trent the No. 1 seed from the East entering the six-team Baggataway Cup series at Brock University Friday through Sunday.
3036	However, meetings with the Nicaraguan government and stakeholders have been temporarily postponed until after the Nicaraguan presidential election on November 6, 2016.
3037	However, most hotels in Vitorchiano are small and comfortable, not many are luxurious hotels.
3038	However, now that resumed operations are imminent, Zane notes that they have begun interviewing a few prospective employees to fill slots that will open up as the operation comes up to speed.
3039	However, once we arrived, I felt relieved and a bit proud for figuring it out—until I remembered that we could not check into our room for several hours.
3040	However, parishes with teacher shortages can hire teachers who are enrolled in the alternative certification program provided they have the necessary contact hours of readiness training.
3041	However, research indicates those who refrain from eating a healthy breakfast daily are more susceptible to weight gain.
3042	However respondents to our poll thought they were far richer than that.
3043	However, some of these journalists who have the opportunity to do brief stints as press secretaries almost always come back to the profession that gave them fame, even if not fortune.
3044	However, the best legacy this government can give to Funsho Williams is to apprehend his real killers and unravel why he was brutally murdered.
3045	"However, the evidence now obtained by EHP provides the potential for an action against Linc Energy for the harm caused by underground coal gasification activities over the last 10 years.
3046	However, the Ice Dreams Campaign is still looking for donations.
3047	However, the mere fact that content marketing is now ranked among the best advertising strategies for businesses does not mean that you can put together anything and automatically get customers interested in whatever service or product you are offering.
3048	However, the Olympics are so big and costly that few countries..
3049	However, the plot is so repetitive no one can be sure if the NBC is screening episodes it has already shown or not.
3050	However, there is no indication that the Clinton campaign was involved.”
3051	However, the site, in a charming valley shaded by tall trees and with a mountain rising up so sharply that it looks almost within touching distance, lured me back for an overnight stay.
3052	However, the Vice-President should never play into their hands with this desperate strategy.
3053	However this “dancer’s body” trend has only recently been followed.
3054	However, this prohibition has not been effectively implemented and some Council of Europe member states have not even ratified the 1997 Mine Ban Treaty, Hammarberg said.
3055	However, this recipe is delicious and festive, so this would definitely be useful if you’re ever in a pinch for a present!
3056	However, Tricia is scathing about this affair: “VW didn’t come clean, so the story was left to develop in the hands of investigative journalists.
3057	However, typically our lives have more impact on our homes than our homes have on our lives.
3058	However, Vanuatu has reaffirmed it's status as hosts.
3059	However, we are aware of recent reports of youths congregating in areas near to our operational land, and we would always be happy to meet with the police or other groups to see if we could further assist in any way."
3060	However, we are for peace, and if IGAD, AU and the whole international community mean peace, let them force Salva Kiir to resign, if not, war is the solution.
3061	However, when Chicago’s Trump International Hotel and Tower flooded last February, it wasn’t a result of the weather — the cause was a little more intentional.
3062	How Frenchily the name rolls off my American tongue!
3063	How many of the legion of corrupt local and provincial officials are going to be willing to fund a probe that would reveal their venality?
3064	How much has BWSSB been able to supply?
3065	How much they are using, if they are exceeding measurements.
3066	How shoes can reveal what's in your soul You really can judge a person by their shoes and they do not need to see anything else to do so, a new study has revealed.
3067	How's this for style: Aaron Murray threw his 100th touchdown pass last week, flinging a sweet, 98-yarder - only the longest pass in school history.
3068	How the job cuts have unfolded in the past 12 months: Topics: employment gladstone industry job losses queensland alumina limited redundancy Pipe Fitters & Mechanical Fitter FIFO..
3069	How to begin The first choices of the day set the tone for my weight loss journey the rest of the day.
3070	How trustworthy would you find a nation whose young men come to America, infiltrate the workforce, steal industrial secrets and then take them home?
3071	How Your Doctor’s Politics Affects Your Health Care — And What You Can Do About It. Faust, Mephistopheles, Napoleon, Oliver Cromwell or a Hugenot: Halloween Ideas From an 1884 Costume Guide, with bonus 1880-era Batgirl costumes.
3072	HS: Well, now, that re-formed Reform When my garden was just my own, one of my favorite past times was weeding.
3073	Hubby had started to use the electric hedge trimmers early last spring when he hit a large branch in among the extremely tall forsythia bushes.
3074	Hugh was survived by his wife Sarah, who was 46 years old, his teenage daughter Mary, her 21–year-old sister Sarah, and his brother Alexander.
3075	“Humor is natural to me,” Ottley said.
3076	Hundreds of millions of dollars in state and federal matching transportation funds are allocated annually to “self-help” counties throughout California that have passed local transportation funding measures.
3077	Hundreds of residents and park users held a rally at Kits Beach Oct. 20 to protest the decision to create a new path through the park.
3078	“Hungary has a wall,’’ too, Michael notes.
3079	Hunter scored a goal in the first half against San Francisco on Saturday night.
3080	HUNTINGTON, WV (HNN) – Suporia Dickens scored 13 and Alyse Poindexter scored 12 points leading the Marshall Thundering Herd women’s basketball team to a 83-37 exhibition victory over the Salem International Fighting Tigers at the Cam Henderson Center.
3081	Hurricane Rita altered evacuation plans for a generation of Southeast Texans in ways that are subtle and extreme.
3082	Hurricanes in 1886, 1900 and 1915 beat up the city, and Arthur Stillwell, unable to strike land deals with the Sabine-holding Kountze brothers, went on to develop Port Arthur, the TSHA says.
3083	"Hush, Zardari sahib would say an agreement is not hadith and Nawaz Sharif may take cases of sale of laptops to the military courts."
3084	Hutchinson says a high graduation rate (ours is about the lowest) and a larger quotient of college graduates in the population are critical to economic development.
3085	Hutchinson's Kacia Hilty (1) is tagged out at home by Valley Center's Hayden Francis (13) during the first game of their doubleheader at Fun Valley on Tuesday, April 5, 2016.
3086	Hutterite American Fork, UT "This exact same attitude against police is held by Hillary Clinton so this violence only gets worse."
3087	Hydraulic motor lift, great condition, $100 obo.
3088	I01 / Data Collection 01. Read, create and interpret box-and-whisker plots, stem-and-leaf plots and other types of graphs, when appropriate.
3089	I agree with you when it comes to transparency.
3090	Iain has shown improvement this week following a shoulder injury picked up against Exeter and he will be continue to be assessed on a weekly basis.
3091	I also believe that when you respect the beauty of a beautiful human being, rhetoric's not good enough.
3092	I also enjoyed how Josh keeps reiterating his view and purpose for his films: to reveal the truths of life.
3093	I also hate the fact that people are saying mean things about these boys.
3094	I also have 5-year-old twins, a girl and a boy.
3095	I also have children in Pleasanton schools.
3096	I also learned dozens of tricks to avoid arousing suspicion online.
3097	I also understand the dilemma of a couple faced with caring for a profoundly disabled child.
3098	I always expected to breastfeed.
3099	“I always had dreams of playing at Georgetown, so I had to continue to just trust in what God told me to do.”
3100	I always remembered Euripides' "The Bacchae," with the scene where Agave returns from a wine-fueled orgy holding up the severed head of her son.
3101	I always wish somebody could tell me the answer.
3102	I am a college student.
3103	I am afraid you can’t search for stories prior to October 9. You can’t search AFTER Oct 9 as it has transferred to the new site.
3104	"I am also richly blessed to have found a church family at Trinity Baptist Church and have the honor to serve as First Lady," said Dr. More.
3105	“I am amazed every day how far the organization has come in just two years,” says Yunn.
3106	“I am a vegetarian so I stood outside with a sign that simply said, ‘Not all African Americans eat fried chicken.’
3107	I am deeply disappointed by those who have conflated my position with those of Donald Trump and Ben Carson while questioning my long record of support for vulnerable families trying to escape violence to make a better life in a new land.
3108	I am flattered by their considerations.
3109	“I am honored to receive the Long Beach Branch NAACP’s Higher Education Award and humbled to be among such accomplished and inspiring awardees,” Conoley said in a press release.
3110	I am not a politician and I speak in a very straightforward manner.
3111	“I am not the type who joins plots or conspiracies.
3112	I am not with all of that.
3113	I am not working under him.
3114	I am old enough to vaguely recall then Prime Minister of Ceylon, SWRD Bandarnaike, being shot in Colombo — and his wife being made the Prime Minister on the strength of her husband’s sacrifice.
3115	I am sure that these businesses appreciate their patronage.
3116	I am sure the bench will be appreciated by people visiting the park for many years to come."
3117	I am talking about the Suburbans, Yukon XLs and Excursions.
3118	I am thankful for my recently deceased friend Gloria Sandillo.
3119	I am the shooter," the person on the other end said.
3120	“I am using aspects of his choreography while making my own fresh choices.”
3121	"I am very glad that hundreds of people took part in this initiative, which was all about love and mutual respect," said Tzohar Chairman Rabbi David Stav.
3122	I am who you are looking for, the something more."
3123	I am willing to bet that the website is actually changing parking attitudes and behaviours.
3124	Ian Clark was the only Warrior bench player to hit double digits with 17 points.
3125	I arrived on a huge Boeing 767-300 on Mataveri Airport's 3.3-kilometre-long runway, designed to accommodate a potential emergency NASA space shuttle landing.
3126	I asked one of the lifeguards to call me immediately if the pool or any of the surrounding glass, cement or steel catch fire and set off those sprinklers.
3127	I ask him what advice he has for Juneau.
3128	I assume the same from you when I share your letters and e-mails with our readership.
3129	I back campaigns for the rights of Gurkhas to live in this country due to them serving in the Army your lot would kick them out due to the fact they are not White Aryan like me or you.
3130	I became aware of a needed increase in water rates in our community because of the frequency of needed repairs.
3131	I began to wonder about the Russians.
3132	“I believe God loves every person.”
3133	“I believe in dialogue … who never talked to his father, never knew what his grandfather said,” he started.
3134	I believe it is because he is telling our stories, with excruciating detail about lives that most of us have lived.
3135	I brought a lot of people from CBS," quipped Colbert to Stewart.
3136	I build the hot coals up like a pyramid in the middle of my faithful Weber kettle grill, then place the parts close around the pyramid.
3137	I called Entergy and reported the outage.
3138	“I call this my ‘patriotic’ outfit, for many reasons.
3139	"I can no longer speak to my neighbours who vote for the AK Party, does that sound like a peaceful community to you?"
3140	“I cannot say that this is the solution to the problem, but this is surely a strong impulse.”
3141	I can remember the fattiness of the salmon melting on my tongue, only to be swept away by the zestiness of the Champagne.
3142	I can say that when I was attending the school nothing like this would have occurred.
3143	I can still recall vividly one particular comment Mary Ann made in that article.
3144	I can tell you that the most difficult diagnosis I make is of St. Augustine issues, because symptoms overlap and can be hard to describe.
3145	I can't taste the scant black pepper, fenugreek, allspice, cloves, coriander, rue, or ajwain, but any combination of them could be in there.
3146	I can't wait to get started now."
3147	“I come from a long line of Halibut fishermen,” he said.
3148	"I commend the finance department and their whole group."
3149	“I could bring a fresh perspective as a mom with kids.”
3150	"I couldn't believe what they were proposing to do," he says.
3151	I could sit here all day looking at five dimensional objects and thinking up different ways to explain them, but they’ll never end up helping you.
3152	I could still afford my payments, but I could see rates going even higher, so I plan to aggressively pay down my mortgage with pre-payments (extra payments) over the next five years to give myself some wiggle room.
3153	I could … take it off of your hands?
3154	“I could teach you to operate a Zamboni in a week.
3155	I created a plan through my work on the Cannon Watershed Board that allowed Goodhue County to receive $5,000 in grant money for clean water.
3156	Ideally, a teen to 40+ should be covered via different approaches and content.
3157	“Ideally, where we’d like to go is we want to develop some injection scenarios that hopefully minimize that pressure disturbance and ultimately minimize the seismic hazard in the area,” Bidgoli said.
3158	I'd hope that it can expand to include outside stages or, perhaps even, downtown venues and alleyways.
3159	I did in fact let my Church attendance lapse because of that.
3160	"I didn't and I still don't expect them to meet all their targets for Model 3 production," Mr Levy said.
3161	I didn't even do a Fighter Pilot PLF of heels, ass, and head; instead I just crumpled into a mound of goo.
3162	I didn't even get to explain my reasons before my fiancee left the table desperately trying not to cry.
3163	“I didn’t expect it to be going for 31 years,” said Belcher, who recalls the move from the harbor to College Park.
3164	I didn’t have any idea it was coming.
3165	“I didn’t know where the first dollar was coming from, but decided why not,” he said.
3166	I didn't like that pressure to hurry along somebody's death.
3167	“I did this album with other international singers in South Africa so that I can venture into new territories while increasing my fan base,” he said.
3168	I disagree with the..
3169	I discovered the joy of a ham sandwich with thick-cut baked ham, crisp lettuce and lots of mayo on toasted white bread.
3170	Idle No More, a grassroots movement for indigenous rights, says it is acting in solidarity with Attawapiskat, which declared a state of emergency after seeing 11 suicide attempts this month.
3171	I’d like to learn why he suddenly got this, since he was so healthy until then.
3172	I do agree that the lack of full disclosure has everyone upset.
3173	“I do feel I’m good enough to be out there on the European Tour, and in time I will hopefully prove that.”
3174	I do not think this was a conscious reflection or shift in my collecting habits but more that women were finally getting some exposure.
3175	I don't believe that every dog is a dangerous dog.
3176	I don’t care if the team has state-of-the-art hot tubs and cold baths in the locker room as long as when they step on the court they know what it means to wear that jersey and the privilege they have to be able to do something they love.
3177	“I don’t dare put a figure on it at this point.”
3178	"I don't entirely trust them," Francesco says.
3179	I don't even really know where we are going.
3180	I don't find that term very useful - what would it mean?
3181	"I don't have a mortgage."
3182	“I don't have a problem with dispensaries but I want them to be legal,” Romita said.
3183	I don't hear you calling for its prohibition when it's clearly such a safety concern.
3184	“I don’t know how long I have my husband, so it’s important,” she says.
3185	I don’t know if you’ve seen Portlandia or not, but there is a bit of ironic truth to the observation that Portland really does seem to be the place for “young people to come and retire.”
3186	I don’t look at it like that.
3187	I don’t pretend to know what evil is, but it must be something like the Haiti earthquake.
3188	"I don't really care about what people say on the outside, because when my coach comes in and says it wasn't my fault, then it wasn't my fault," he said.
3189	“I don’t take anything back at all,” Kilgarriff said.
3190	I don't think anyone would.
3191	I don’t think Clinton should pick a liberal like Warren to repair rifts with supporters of Bernie Sanders because, generally speaking, I think whatever intraparty injuries do exist will be mended by time and the threat of a Trump presidency.
3192	I don't think I need it now especially since I got a brand new bike.
3193	“I don’t think the police or Twitter can solve it overnight,” said Ms Criano-Perez.
3194	“I don’t think we played well in any aspect this evening, and it’s been a while since that was the case.”
3195	"I don’t want anyone to feel ashamed about their yard.
3196	I don’t want to forget the “Lemon Drops and Rain Drops” preschool song or the Speedo swim trunks or corn-on-the-cob.
3197	I don't what park toilets you've gone to, but all of the ones I have seen have been in really bad condition.
3198	“I do want them to have a love and a compassion, and also a better understanding of the world around them so that it can broaden their horizon, and just give them an appreciation for knowledge in general,” said Anderson.
3199	“I do want what she does to be understandable at every stage.
3200	I dropped the piano and lessens.
3201	I'd suggest thanking him rather than complaining about his pay.
3202	I eat homemade soup with my mother a couple of times each month, and she fills me in on all the family news.
3203	“I encourage you all to be difference makers,” Cook said.
3204	I enjoy reading, going to the movies, I watch a lot of movies.
3205	I even used to draw cool designs on them just to make it different.”
3206	“I express my appreciation for the youth in the party, hoping that elections are held soon.”
3207	If a child suffered from whooping cough, his or her mother would carry the infant to the hob’s cave at Runswick Bay, and when outside the cave would call My bairn’s gotten t’kink cough, It seems this was a last resort in seeking such a cure.
3208	If all that goes according to plan, private-sector partners would then be invited to bid to design, build, finance and maintain the tower.
3209	If any of those people are American citizens, prosecute them for Treason.
3210	If anything, Brown was even better against Dundee.
3211	If anything, you would expect the system to be tightened under any changes, not the other way round.
3212	If a pet exhibits lethargy, lack of appetite, vomiting, or other illness, the owner is advised to consult a veterinarian and provide the details of the exposure.
3213	If applicable, you also need to compile your union information, a copy of your military DD214, or your Standard Form 8 and Standard Form 50 for federal employees, and your alien registration number.
3214	If approved, the project could begin as early as fall 2013.
3215	If approved, the proposals will be sent for a popular referendum in December.
3216	If approved, this would be the first time in history that G20 had such a policy consensus,” Zhu said.
3217	If at all marry her the husbands life will be at risk.
3218	If a woman has also had a batterer for a partner, the blow to her financial well-being might be enormous; 98 percent of the time, women who experience domestic violence are also living with financial abuse.
3219	If a woman says "Vote for me because we need a woman in this office" and a man says "Here is my vision for the state, here are my most important issues, and I will be glad to answer your questions", I'm gonna be supporting the man.
3220	If birds are free-ranging, offer the complete feed to hens before they go out in the morning.
3221	If both our corporate leaders and government officials cannot change their behaviors and start making toys in America, we should boycott completely imported toys and change our elected leaders at the first opportunity.
3222	If Buffet had $300,000 in investment income that is taxed at 15%.
3223	If convicted of first-degree arson, Lyrek could face a prison sentence of up to 20 years, a $20,000 fine, or both.
3224	If Democrats had chosen a moderate, pro-business Democrat, someone in the vein of John Glenn, then Republicans would be in trouble, McCormick says.
3225	I feel honoured that I was able to mentor her with the issues she faced in football, fitness and life in general.
3226	I feel much more prepared now to write my personal statement and have a better understanding of what the universities are looking for.
3227	I feel that my talent is at that level (to be competitive) and I just want to take the opportunity.”
3228	“I felt like I got stronger as the season went on,” Castro said.
3229	I felt the hand of God in his words.
3230	If Hackel can’t muster the spine for that, what good is he in Macomb, or anywhere else?
3231	If he does, he may regret it.
3232	If he talks over her, that is a sign of no communication discipline as a Commander in Chief.
3233	If he visited them he might get his tires slashed.
3234	If his premise that they were in the room could be supported..
3235	If I can get that to click with something in their lives, that's even better.
3236	"If I didn't love music though, I wouldn't have done it."
3237	“I figured out ‘Hey, I want all this stuff.’
3238	If interested, call John Bender at 610-279-1579.
3239	If interested in the OFA luncheon June 1 reservations must be made in advance and cancelled if people cannot attend.
3240	If Iran decides to break the agreement, Cable said, it could put the centrifuges back into service almost immediately.
3241	If it wasn’t for Matt where-the-hell-did-this-guy-come-from Ryan in Atlanta, Slaton would be battling Baltimore’s Flacco for the Offensive Rookie of the Year trophy.
3242	If it were not for friends helping me cope, I would be destitute, or worse, by now.
3243	IF I was on drugs, the final block wouldn't be their, Its not your fault, the pain (life) is just so bad inside, The gut-wrenching agony behind your words is almost too much to bear.
3244	"If I were the SEED people, I'd be disappointed in the result," said Martin West at the Harvard Graduate School of Education.
3245	If Jean feels betrayed, she’s free to follow another “leader”.
3246	If lucky enough to find it, many of us driving larger vehicles were cut off at $100, the credit card limit at many stores, whether your tank was filled or not.
3247	If Martin Luther King Jr. were alive today, I believe he would be at the forefront of this movement.
3248	If Mr Modi wants to subliminally play the “unreliability card” vis-à-vis India’s Muslims, it’s an extremely myopic and dangerous game of smoke and mirrors, one with grave implications.
3249	If Mr Renzi cannot negotiate his way round the new rules on bail-in, Italy’s banks and economy risk years of more stagnation, poisoning relations with the EU.
3250	If one is frustrated not having enough gigs, he should use that time to practise and improve,” he says.
3251	If one thing has become clear from the collapse of the Soviet Union, it is that mankind did not enter, as we all hoped, the "end of history."
3252	If only he can find a way to make a demo with her.
3253	If only they are aware that the enthronement of the rule of law will serve each and everyone well regardless of status or political inclination, may be then they will heed the voice of reason.
3254	I found my passion.”
3255	“I found that some, if not most, of the guys don’t want to talk about money.
3256	I found the councillors and our new administrator and the expressions of their frustrations well within bounds and quite appropriate in the last meeting; I found the mayor’s reaction interesting.
3257	"If she had hit her head hard enough to cause brain damage, if she gotten some of that glass in her eye, if she had broken her wrist, if she had hit herself hard enough it killed her, (the city) would still not be liable."
3258	If she had not spent tons of money on the school system and helping those in need including myself many times she would have never had issues with money.
3259	If she has some specifics, she needs to say them," Trustee Mary Ann Cox said.
3260	If she would have owned up to it, I would felt a little positive.”
3261	If shots for swine flu are available, those will be administered as well, a news release said.
3262	If so, balance the pain with Avery’s Kaiser Imperial Oktoberfest, a marzen-on-steroids malt assault every bit as menacing as the name implies.
3263	“If somebody had told me about it, we could have fixed it a long time ago,” Bohnenberger said.
3264	If some drinks with high sugar content are allowed in 16-ounce portions while others with lower sugar content are allowed in higher portions, how does that accomplish Bloomberg’s goal?
3265	If some feel that it is, then perhaps the problem is not the substance itself but rather that they have not the courage to actually live the life they have.
3266	If someone steals them or you accidentally light them on fire during a romantic candlelight dinner, you can replace them within 24 hours.
3267	If South China Sea is where they want a little bit of domination, the world will have to recognise that.
3268	“If studying film at Emerson has taught me anything, it’s how to be adaptable,” Schreiber said.
3269	If Tehran is due to be deprived of its oil exports or faces paralyzing sanctions, the Strait of Hormuz will not be secure to tankers and ships carrying commercial goods or weapons to and from its enemies.”
3270	If that failed, the office must move to the second step of introducing "a financial advisor" who would "have more power and could take over control."
3271	If that happens, Dallas County Judge Clay Jenkins will get to pick a replacement to fill in for Price until the next general election.
3272	If that’s the odds, what are we doing to help the other 74 to succeed?
3273	If the American senator so convincingly refers to God, then the Jews, who gave monotheism to the world, must not be ashamed to do the same.
3274	If the answer is yes, it is time to explore the options.
3275	If the appropriate guidelines are followed there’s no need to fear this animal,” says Dr Hupman.
3276	If the City Council doesn't veto the Airport Commission's decision they could start pick ups at the airport by September.
3277	If the company is found guilty of committing any malpractice, it could face massive fines and its executives could go to jail.
3278	If the dough remains sticky, add a little more flour.
3279	If the family knows that a day program is where they would like their child to go after graduation, it’s imperative they have case management services and apply for Medicaid right away.
3280	If the model-mom decides to move the family overseas, her work opportunities as a model will certainly be limited.
3281	"If there is any true sign of instability in North Korea, China and the US will have an emergency meeting first to discuss the matter.
3282	If there's one hallmark that should define the new Congress and the new Administration, it's that we are ushering in a new era of accountability for our government, our corporations, and ourselves.
3283	If there was one man who suffered the most criticisms, mockery, insults, contempt and name what yours because of several untoward incidents, it was the gentleman Mongcal.
3284	If there were ever a time to tank an election, this is the year.
3285	If these continue to rise and mortgage providers decide to pass on the increase, then housing finance will tighten regardless of central bank inaction.
3286	If the speed is 45, then it’s more like an 85 percent chance that the pedestrian will be killed.”
3287	If the village takes the full 20 years to repay the debt, it will have paid about $2.8 million in interest.
3288	If they can't rely on the trains then they're not going to come, so even though the trains may run on occasion and to the temporary timetable, people are reluctant to try.
3289	"If they had really done their job, they would have understood there was high risk here."
3290	If this girl were groped while shopping at lowes it would be different and should be treated accordingly.
3291	If this is done it is important not to exclude the benign and useful session cookies, as some of the functions of the site may fail to operate.
3292	If this trend is allowed to go further, it might even become an irreversible reality for hudud's ultimate implementation, rendering the "1Malaysia" slogan a complete lie.
3293	I fumbled with the phone and tried to answer.
3294	If UTSA’s effort in Friday’s season-opening 69-66 loss at Fresno State Friday night is any indicator, the Roadrunners might be better than most expected when they were picked to finish last in Conference USA before the season.
3295	If we do that, we will not only succeed in changing ourselves but in changing the dynamics of our families, our synagogues, our communities – yes, even the world.”
3296	If we lower the slip rates and bring the boats back to the harbor we will improve the local economy.
3297	If you already volunteer, talk about your experience and invite others to volunteer with you.
3298	If you are a current MLB.
3299	If you are a victim of abuse, don't suffer alone call the 24-hour toll-freehelpline: 0800 055 555 and let professionals help you.
3300	If you are brave enough to do such work, you will be rewarded with Rs 2,16,809 salary.
3301	If you are generally personable, and are comfortable speaking on the air, an interview with a local radio host can be a great way to spread the word about your product.
3302	If you are getting a refund, consider direct deposit.
3303	If you are here during a storm, just take the car with you to higher ground inland if you can.
3304	If you are not trustworthy with what belongs to another, who will give you what is yours?
3305	If you are shore-bound, the Sanibel and Bokeelia piers are a good choice to hook into some macks along with a variety of other fish.
3306	If you are too self-absorbed to realize that was sarcasm, I’m hardly surprised.
3307	“If you authentically live your leadership brand and effectively promote your qualities, then you can inspire others to do the same,” he said.
3308	If you can find one, look for cars that are still within warranty and haggle hard on those that aren't.
3309	If you could string a few coherent sentences together into a grant application, odds were that there was some contracting officer out there who was willing to give you money, no matter how vapid your idea.
3310	“If you create a partisan system, if you create organizations that are around specifically to run for office, you’re going to create a professional class of campaigners,” he said.
3311	If you did it right, you could gently place it on the ground and it would seem to sleep for a while before it woke up in a daze, then went on about the serious business of being a chicken.
3312	If you don't believe me go into a school at 7.30 on a morning and follow a teacher for the day.
3313	"If you don't have something nice to say about somebody, don't hit send and send it out there!"
3314	If you don’t plan to sell your home nor rent it, you are not really gaining, as you suggest.
3315	If you don't understand what is expected of you, don't be afraid to keep asking until you do understand.
3316	If you drink too much they tell you to stop.
3317	If you have a complaint about one of our stories, you should send an email to editorial.
3318	If you haven’t been to the John Hancock Atrium, you are in for a breathtaking visual experience of South Boston.
3319	If you know this guy, he definitely deserves three exclamation points.
3320	If you know where Story is, you can call the sheriff's office at 270-247-4501.
3321	If you know where to look, incredible auto collections can be found all over Southern California.
3322	If you liked this article you might like U.K. August Retail Sales Slip Less Than Forecast, Surge 6.2% on the Year The report joins a body of evidence likely to convince Bank of England rate setters today to hold off on further easing.
3323	If you live near a lake or pond, or happen to have a decently-sized pool hanging out in your backyard — lucky you!
3324	“If you look at the demand and the reasons behind it, smaller houses, smaller yards, to tell a kid to throw a ball in the back yard, it can be a challenging task,” he said.
3325	If you need help getting started, ask yourself: If everyone acted the way I did, what would the world be like?
3326	If you really want to know how to spot the best garlic at farmers’ markets, spend some time talking with Curtis Millsap, owner of Millsap Farms.
3327	If you’re a tourist walking up the beach, it’s incredibly disconcerting.”
3328	If you’re having guests, just buy two turkey breasts.”
3329	“If you’re involved in the crash, whether you’re in the right or the wrong, your injures will likely be life-threatening.”
3330	If you’re looking for something else, go to Rolling Stone or Pitchfork.
3331	If you’re looking to enhance your workout with the latest technology, here are the latest hot-shot togs to watch: It is no secret that the average American woman is not happy with her body.
3332	If you’ve got it, use it.
3333	If you want a piece of concrete evidence to prove that such is the case, you need look no farther than at the Keewatin Regional Health Board.
3334	If you want to bring more luggage it’s extra, or you pay for higher class seating, which costs more but you still sit in the same spaces as everyone else.
3335	If you want to find stocks that will help grow your wealth, it helps to look in the right places.
3336	If you want to search the archives for a keyword or phrase, please use the search bar at the top of the page.
3337	I got the biggest culture shock of my life the first time I took in a football Saturday at Williams-Brice.
3338	“I got tired of using a diet and gaining weight back,” McKenzie said.
3339	I got to see a much more different side of Japan.
3340	I got up and walked around in back.
3341	I guess they cannot imagine that there is more to religion than segregation of genders.
3342	"I had a boyfriend who was a drug dealer."
3343	"I had a chance and that's all I can ask for," Hall said.
3344	“I had actually decided to run for Ripley Council but wasn’t able to in November,” Arnett said.
3345	“I had a day off from work and my wife told me to get into the loft and sort it out – which hadn’t been done in about 30 years.
3346	"I had been to New Zealand 30 years previously with my family, with my dad, because he was shooting 'Willow' and I have really incredible memories of that time in my life," she said.
3347	I had found him interesting, knowledgeable, and entertaining, but knew little of his personal life.
3348	I had no perspective, except from the other two films I produced.”
3349	I had one of the best days of my life.
3350	“I had some butterflies right off the bat coming out of the tunnel.
3351	I had stolen a few days away from the farm to spend it at the seacoast, and didn’t notice that it was not summer.
3352	I had the privilege of having Gregg Hirata and Mark Matsunaga serve with me in the Mayor’s Office, and they were two of the most talented and dedicated public servants I have ever worked with — an obvious nod to how they were raised by their parents.
3353	I had to give that up years ago.
3354	I hate to break it to you, but the Denver Nuggets will not win the NBA championship this year.
3355	“I have a great deal of admiration for what Corky has done,” said McDonald.
3356	I have always tried to engage with my jobs in such a way that I enjoy meaningful job satisfaction.
3357	“I have come to Ketchikan, I get that smell, I have not yet learned to love it.
3358	I have figured I hadn't really let my readers know very much about my fiancé.
3359	“I have gone to cover land disputes, human rights abuses, domestic violence, and when I went to cover these issues, the community did not seem to trust it, and the authorities and criminals have threatened me,” she said.
3360	I have high hopes for next season," Hoffman said.
3361	“I have lived in Redcliff all my life so this is quite an honour for me… I would like to congratulate all the other volunteers who were recognized tonight for their commitment and involvement in the community.
3362	“I have no idea what they do, how they survive,” he says.
3363	I have no issue with dropping the pizzas off and collecting the money, but don't force me to stay for the entire duration or I'll raise holy hell.
3364	I have noticed that Rep. Favors is present at most community events I attend.
3365	“I haven’t been this excited about Roselawn’s possibilities since I got on council in 1998,” said Bodner.
3366	“I have painted about four or five murals on that standpipe in those 13 years,” said Marcus.
3367	I have remaining inventory of baskets, ribbon, wrap, vases, balloons, baby items, pampered women items, gift items, etc. $20.00 minimum purchase.
3368	I have spent many summers at Boy Scout camp and understand the fascination the boys have with the rifle and archery ranges.
3369	I have spent the last four years strengthening my knowledge of county operations and implementing new policies that better govern the statutorily required services we provide to all our constituents in Adams County.
3370	I have stood up again and again regardless of the political implications.
3371	I have that in common too.
3372	I have the privilege of taking the baton from Professor (Stephen) Toope who has guided UBC to a strong position.
3373	I have tomorrow to make amends for what I did not get done today.”
3374	I have to pay the same amount when I pay my tuition anyway, right?
3375	“I hear them say that they still get corrected by masters.
3376	I hope he knows I really was very proud of him for doing the right thing, even if he did it out of fear not a good conscience.
3377	"I hope I can fix her up in here."
3378	I hope it's where his home is.
3379	“I hope that students in the social justice classes that have worked on projects around the work of HopeWorx have gained as much insight as we have from the process of collaborating,” Shannon said.
3380	I hope that the new administration will listen to that.
3381	I hope this young generation of Southerners in the US will grow up and become wise.
3382	I hope to finish it up by next week.
3383	I invited them to join me to have a discussion about why I believe the university’s offer to the GTFF is family friendly and does support my research on parenting.
3384	"I just didn't know in my wildest dreams that we were going to be where we are tomorrow, but they just keep playing,” Guevara said.
3385	I just don't understand why golf has to be the program that makes money for the city when there are so many others that are subsidized.
3386	“I just don’t want this on Main Street,” he said.
3387	I just finished one of those self-help books on child-rearing and appropriate forms of discipline at children's different ages and stages.
3388	I just know that when I was in the Purim play at Temple Israel in the fourth grade — vivid memory — something touched me so deeply that I went away and wrote a play right after.
3389	“I just never thought I’d live to see the day a bank in Lincolnton would get robbed!” she exclaimed.
3390	“I just remember floating and thinking to myself, ‘This is one of those things in life that is a big deal,’” Cloyd recalls.
3391	“I just spoke to her yesterday afternoon.
3392	"I just want everyone to get super, super excited because this is at the very least going to be the best Lawnparties that I've been to," Roth said at Sunday's Senate meeting.
3393	“I just want to make sure we go out to each and every game and get the W.” After just two seasons, the 5-foot-10, 202 pounds Webb already ranks among the Commodores’ top 10 in career rushing yards.
3394	I kind of play on people’s minds and what they think is going to be coming, and there might be and might not be.”
3395	I kind of used a poem I had been working on with that for the verses.
3396	I knew I hit the big-time when I made it into Huisgenoot!
3397	“I knew it would take some time,” he said.
3398	“I knew they were going to have fun, but I didn’t know they were going to have that much fun.”
3399	I know Hillary met my campaign manager, and I got the chance to meet the people who are working so hard to get her elected.
3400	“I know it seems like a small thing, what we are doing with animals, but it really is making a difference in Lorain County,” he said.
3401	“I know Phil Murphy will not run away from the tough issues facing our state.
3402	I know, right?) So before I present to you my five reasons Christians should never wear Che shirts, some of you might be thinking "C'mon Matt, Che was a revolutionary Robin Hood type who gave to the poor and fought for social justice and stuff.
3403	I know that my last yellow Lab was a ninety-pound dream girl named Molly who never wanted to leave my side.
3404	I know that my mother feels threatened, and there are several underlying psychological issues at play.
3405	I know that they are writing to me because of my probably too-frequent columns over a three-year stretch that dealt with my life as it pertained to my parents’ illnesses and deaths.
3406	“I know this sounds like conspiracy, but it’s the facts, man.
3407	I like having the Library downtown but either the Museum or the Library should move to a new location.
3408	"I like photographing people on the street," Scott focuses on his hobby.
3409	"I like the pole, but I still have to rinse and wash again on some of the windows," she notes.
3410	I like to take a handful of colors in different shades and repeat them in little pops that can be easily swapped out.
3411	I live in the same city.
3412	“I’ll always take what I do wrong and I took that on the chin,” Chance said.
3413	I'll be back with your fresh questions and answers next week.
3414	I’ll have a wall behind me.
3415	I looked at the clock on the wall and it said 3:33 p.m. I was getting ready for my next dating clue search when there was a hard knock on my door.
3416	I looked at the faces of children whose fathers are incarcerated here, noticed how broad and how bright their smiles were as they got to spend an afternoon with dad's arm around their shoulders.
3417	"I look forward to guiding the caucus during the upcoming session, and ensuring people in every corner of Minnesota have a voice in state government."
3418	Ilori, Palm Beach Gardens (561-776-5262) Freshen up your table with shimmery linens and place settings.
3419	"I lose the most productive part of the day."
3420	I lost two friends in those towers.
3421	I love America and I love New Hampshire, but we are at a tipping point of never being the “the shining city on the hill” again.
3422	I love cooking pork belly – the flavour of it and the texture and the crispy bits – and serve it with some root vegetables."
3423	I’m 220 pounds and 6 foot 4. He picked me up because he wanted to show me how much stronger he got.”
3424	I’m able to maintain my kids respect and remain the ‘alpha’ in the house but still allow him to be a contributor to the household and decisions.
3425	Images of the cities, mountains, lakes and foods from their home countries are projected onto a screen, one at a time.
3426	Imagine, asking Congress if it was acting within the legitimate powers granted to it under the Constitution, the nerve of those per More..
3427	Imagine international racing superstars strapping into 600-horsepower Supercars.
3428	“I’m a guy who likes to eat things I’m not supposed to eat.”
3429	“I mainly grow pumpkins and cucumbers but the cucumbers I grow aren’t the small kinds.
3430	I’m also curious as to the cost to the taxpayer of keeping them shiny clean at all times.
3431	I'm also grateful to my colleagues and students at Plymouth State, who have encouraged my compositional work throughout my career here," said Santore in a press release.
3432	“I’m also looking for some adults who have something to give in the musical theater arena: stagecraft, acting, dance or stage fighting.
3433	I’m also not making millions of people pay for my extravagant lifestyle on account of tradition and my inbred bloodline.
3434	I’m an American, and I’m proud of what we’ve done.”
3435	"I'm a sophomore, credit wise, but I had to pull up my unofficial transcript so, I can vote," said Fields We had to pull it up on our smart phone but no one's smart phones were working so then they said that I could print it.
3436	“I’m confident that we’ve got a basketball team that has a lot of diversity in terms of the skills that we can put on the floor, and I feel like we’ll be a better shooting team.”
3437	“I mean, I have to laugh at that.
3438	I mean it's big, McLarge,..
3439	I met with Nadler later that day in his own office, across the street from the Goldman building, on the 45th floor of 1 World Trade Center.
3440	I’m following a lot of chalk this year.
3441	I'm from the IRS and I'm here to help you.”
3442	I’m glad to say that the State Auditors will be here in the next couple of weeks to start our audit.
3443	“I’m going out there every day thinking that I’m going to be the best setter in the SEC,” Mikesky said.
3444	"I'm going to make sure I'm doing everything right on my end," Durham told the caucus.
3445	"I'm going to take back my vote, but I don't know who I will support for chairman yet," Mackey said in a recent phone interview.
3446	"I'm happy for our kids, our program, our school."
3447	I might have felt really excited too.
3448	I’m just going to go ahead and say it, okay?
3449	“I’m just happy for the kids that they made it back to state.
3450	“I’m just playing within the schemes of the special teams, giving it all every play and making plays.”
3451	“I’m looking at it as a support group, but I will supply information and some guides (members) can use to find a job, and understanding values and interests and how they can match to get a job that fits you.
3452	"I'm making hand gestures on how the orecchiette fills with sauce."
3453	Immediately after being hit by Andrus' elbow, LaPorta fell to the ground and remained in a prone position for almost a minute.
3454	Immigrants whose cases are closed will be allowed to remain in the United States, but they will be in legal limbo, without any positive immigration status.
3455	I’m moving to Stockholm.
3456	I'm not going to comment to that person and the reason is, is that people who feel the need to say things like that are trying to cause others to react, and it was proven that we do.
3457	I’m not really a public relations guru.
3458	I'm not really sure what argument could be made that we shouldn't try something different.
3459	“I’m not really sure what the struggles have been about because they have good players, but I think the main issue has been finishing games,” Woulard said.
3460	I’m not sure why we need those at all,” Peters says.
3461	"I'm not verifying anything!" he said.
3462	“I’m on tour and then I’m going to have Christmas in America.
3463	I moved away from the bass and the cello, to two tubas.
3464	“I’m passionate about sea turtles.”
3465	“I’m playing a very unique piece – Samuel Barber’s Violin Concerto.”
3466	“I’m pleased we can help them with having a job,” she said.
3467	Importantly, this isn't necessarily a call to action, especially because it's unclear what legal regulation of porn would look like, exactly: A government-imposed filter on certain websites?
3468	“I’m proud to be from here.”
3469	“I’m really proud of how the kids have come along.”
3470	I'm so proud of her," her cousin Nadia Derissy said.
3471	I'm sure he had plenty of both.
3472	I'm talking about the hard cases, involving alcohol or drugs, cases where a woman changes her mind before, during, or after the act. Cases where a woman says yes, but means no.
3473	I.M. Terrell librarian Brenda Reynolds said with federal government cutbacks, programs like Reading Is Fundamental, which provides students with three books to take home during the year, may no longer be available.
3474	I’m the most excited I’ve been for a long time,” he said.
3475	I’m thinking of Mr. Finicum.
3476	I'm tired of this negativity.
3477	I'm unhappy with how things are going."
3478	I’m used to working in the dark.
3479	I must say, the lineup looks powerful and mighty.
3480	I'm very protective of the bees we have out here, both the honey and the mason bees and won't let anyone step on or harrass them.
3481	"I'm very proud of Pam and the feedback we got," she said.
3482	In 12th grade english, for example students learn literary response and analysis.
3483	In 1662, the Virginia legislature declared that children born to enslaved women would be slaves “in perpetuity” (a.
3484	In 1841, President William Henry Harrison gave his speech of some 8,445 words that lasted two hours in the wet winter of Washington D.C. that year.
3485	In 1984, the Nigerian arm of the Inter-Africa Committee on Traditional Practices Affecting the Health of Women and Children (AIC) was set up.
3486	In 1992, Nassau County Health Department mandated that bay drains on our site be cleaned and closed.
3487	In 1997, Lean decided to take the plunge and start up her own festival to shine a light on Francophone films.
3488	In 1998, she was elected Ohio’s 61st Lieutenant Governor and served from 1999-2003.
3489	In 2002, the Northside-based museum presented a major critically acclaimed retrospective of his work.
3490	In 2004, Fr. Richard was elected First Assistant General of the Society of the Missionaries of Africa and it was in this capacity that he took part in the chapter that elected him Superior General of the society in 2010.
3491	In 2007, Purdue agreed to pay $600 million in damages after pleading guilty to criminal charges over misrepresenting the drugs’ risk of addiction.
3492	In 2007, UTEP held on to knock off Tulsa in the Sun Bowl 48-47 when a potential game-winning kick was missed.
3493	In 2009, the economy took a hit and so did many boat builders; Hinckley was one of them.
3494	In 2010, Maarohanye smashed his car into a group of pupils in Soweto leading to the dead of four of the children and wounding two others.
3495	In 2011 when the United States had yet to fulfill a NAFTA provision to allow Mexican truckers to travel inland, Mexico slapped U.S. goods with retaliatory tariffs.
3496	In 2012, the Outdoor Industry Association sent a letter to Obama urging him to protect Greater Canyonlands on the grounds that "The future of our outdoor recreation economy depends on protecting iconic landscapes such as Greater Canyonlands.
3497	In 2013, 27.1 percent of high school students surveyed had participated in at least 60 minutes per day of physical activity on all seven days before the survey and only 29 percent attended physical education class daily.
3498	In 2014, the company was merged with DaiABank and currently has total assets of $5 billion, 10,000 employees and 225 branches.
3499	In 2015 department store Bloomingdale's launched an ad campaign that featured a distracted and amused woman staring to the left while a creepy fella ogled her.
3500	In a controversial move this year, body checking was permitted for the first time in the event’s history.
3501	In addition and as we read of Yom Kippur, we are told: "Kedoshim tihiyu — You shall be holy, because I — God — am holy."
3502	In addition, history taps into the positive, communal energies of a people who have faced a common enemy from an historical perspective.
3503	In addition, if none of the options for compliance are cost-effective, utilities have the option to make an Alternative Compliance Payment (ACP) to help meet their renewable energy requirement under the standard.
3504	In addition, the CVTC referred to the possibility that more companies may become tenants of the new center in the next few years.
3505	In addition, the Government has only paid a fraction of what it will need to pay in respect of the works at Glacis, Laguna and Moorish Castle, the affordable homes and the small boats marina.
3506	In addition, the work group also briefed foreign politicians and entrepreneurs who participated in the forum as well as current progress.
3507	In addition to craft brews and hot chicken, the Hot Chicken & Jorts party will feature live music starting at 4 p.m. with performances by Scissormen, Jackillacs, and Thunderfrog.
3508	In addition to his service with Interact, he was also active in the Marching Band, ROTC, and National Honor Society.
3509	In addition to moving forward with construction, the sales goals at Majestic Palms have been met meaning buyers are now going to contract.
3510	In addition to rehearsal space for COCC performance students, it will serve as a rehearsal hall for the Central Oregon Symphony.
3511	In addition to the Fuerza Pública and the Unidad de Intervención Policial riot squad, a number of government agencies were involved, including the Cuerpo de Bomberos.
3512	In addition to their salaries, city employees receive a minimum of 96 hours of paid vacation annually.
3513	In addition to the proposed Oakland ordinance, Hayward has implemented strict zoning limitations for its four clubs, and last year the state passed Senate Bill 420 giving counties purview to assign patient cards and organize cultivation facilities.
3514	In a globalized world that is becoming ever more vulnerable to communicable diseases, a historical perspective can help clarify the use and implications of a still-valid public health strategy.
3515	In a guerilla action on Sunday night, in preparation for the protest, activists painted part of the facade of the Skopje Criminal Court in bright colours.
3516	In Alexandria, around 500 people gathered near a railway station.
3517	“In all my films so far, you will be surprised to know that the maximum appreciation I got was for my straight-faced humor in ‘Dil Vil Pyaar Vyaar.’
3518	In all of those ways, in all of those times, what I’ve learned is to just get the heck out of the way.
3519	In all representations, Winton was portrayed as the complete Englishman who sort of stumbled into the refugee situation to help a friend, but once caught up gave his all to help the children.
3520	In a memoir about him, North's sister Mary summarized that he was "endowed with that best gift: a heart that never grew old."
3521	In a month, you strain out the blossoms and you have a bright orange vinegar that has a peppery flavor.
3522	In an era when everyone has been racing to bring out new crossover SUVs, Volvo increased the ride height of its V70 wagon and added some accouterments to quickly create the XC70.
3523	In a news conference at the White House, Obama said..
3524	In an exercise regime not out of line with that of an Olympic athlete, the Rolling Stone trains six days a week.
3525	In an interview last week, Hohmann said Hall never has approached him as a lawmaker to complain about citations.
3526	In an interview on Pacifica radio in June, RAWA member Sehar Saba explained that, "we cannot struggle only for women's rights until we have our national independence.
3527	In a nutshell, the State of Osun is currently on its way to take its upward surge into prominence and prosperity among the comity of states.
3528	In any case, ASIS is prohibited from acting in a policing role.
3529	In any case, we are not shy or apologetic about the Indian numbers.
3530	In a press conference Monday, the mayor continuted the tradition by issuing a proclamation to Wesleyan University adjunct professor of music, vibraphonist and composer Jay Hoggard, declaring a day in his honor.
3531	In a press release, REN21 states: “Robust policies couple with continuing technological advances, falling prices, and innovations in financing have made renewables increasingly affordable for a broader range of consumers worldwide.”
3532	In April, the HOPE scholarship received cuts in funding from both the state budget and lack of revenue to cover demands.
3533	In a report on the CBC website, President Hubert Lacroix said the freeze would also include a cut in bonuses: Lacroix said executives at CBC/Radio-Canada will see their salaries frozen at 2008 levels for the 2009-2010 year.
3534	In a role tailor-made to her awkward, slapstick charms, the irresistible Greta Gerwig stars as an aspiring modern dancer in Manhattan trying to find her way and clumsily pirouette through adulthood.
3535	In a Sept. 2 email to Scott Crosbie that started with Adams saying, "I got your message," Adams said he could "feign like I don't support the campaign."
3536	In a statement from her constituency, Dhalla maintained: "The producers have super-imposed and doctored images of myself for their personal opportunistic gain.
3537	In a statement provided to Business in Vancouver, the CPPIB said its investment “in Alibaba is aligned with its strategy…to build a globally diversified portfolio of assets which will add value to the CPP Fund over the long term.”
3538	In a statement released Thursday, Block said she believes Scheer has the ability to “further strengthen our united party.”
3539	In a statement, the French justice ministry said that 462 French passengers had been on board the giant ship when it hit the rocks off Giglio.
3540	In a statement to the Omani News Agency, bin Alawai said that “the Sultanate of Oman exerts diplomatic efforts to bring about a peaceful solution for Syria and Yemen.”
3541	In a stunning "two-point conversion" 6'2" - 320 pound lineman Davon Hungerford scored via a run to increase Dunbar's lead to 14-0.
3542	In a surprising move, Sasse decided to stump in Iowa this week with Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, Carly Fiorina and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio to help bring down Trump.
3543	In at least one case, there was speculation that the sightings of clowns trying to lure children into the woods in South Carolina was a viral stunt to publicize the movie.
3544	In a tweet, Clin­ton op­pon­ent Bernie Sanders said, “Curb­ing meth­ane leaks is a good step, but if we’re ser­i­ous about com­batting cli­mate change we must ban all frack­ing.”
3545	In a way, it is true, isn't it?
3546	In a way, this drives me crazy.
3547	In Bohol, there were four firecracker-related incidents recorded last year, DOH said.
3548	In Canada, the average home price is $508,000; in Victoria, the average price of a single family dwelling is $684,900 (an increase of 17 per cent over April 2015).
3549	In Canada, the biggest issue we have at the moment is how to become even richer than we are by selling the oil we are squeegeeing out of the dirt north of Edmonton.
3550	In case of Pakistan these problems have become more contentious because the economic managers are 'too busy with non-issues' and paying least attention to the most serious challenges.
3551	In case of this turmeric, I taught them to dry it in a certain way so as to retain the curcumin oil content,” says Jain.
3552	In cases like this where the City Attorney’s Office has to recuse itself, there is a process for hiring outside counsel.
3553	In cases where those titles are not used, it has been noted.
3554	In celebrating this year’s Nupe Day, the organisers decided to start a lecture series to add an intellectual dimension to the celebration.
3555	In certain key parts of Game of thrones, masturbate.”
3556	In closing he asked the congregation for their continued prayers for the his officers, "I ask that you continue to pray for the officers in the Police Service as we go about out duties ensuring Citizen Safety in St. Kitts and Nevis."
3557	Included are the town’s early hotels, its school buildings, the Clare Point Race Track — the list goes on and on.
3558	Included in those selections were First Team honorees Amber Jenkins, Kenzie Henderson, Nellie Freeman and Kendall McHugh.
3559	Including 3-D printers, welding booths, a laser cutter, and a wide array of other tools, the shop has come a long way.
3560	Incognito recently had his suspension lifted by the Miami Dolphins and will be a free agent heading into the 2014-15 NFL season.
3561	Income also could have decreased since 2012 because of the loss of a job.
3562	In considering Furst’s high regard to honoring guests, consider the following: “Hachnasat Orchim has a unique status and standing in our faith.
3563	Incredibly, under challenge from federal and state officials, the members of county commissioners are holding tough behind the laws.
3564	Incumbent Sloan wins Kansas’ 45th District House race Republican Rep. Tom Sloan appeared to be holding off a challenge from Democrat Terry Manies.
3565	In December during the second meet of the season, the junior suffered a partially torn quad and was forced to sit out for more than a month in an effort to heal.
3566	In December, Gov. Bill Walker proposed a 13-part plan to resolve that deficit by 2019.
3567	Indeed, Davies argues, almost as soon as magnetic compasses reached a very high degree of accuracy, in the late 19th century, they were superseded by gyroscopic ones.
3568	Indeed most readers are likely to regard it as downright rude.
3569	Indeed (no questions about it) Nawaz Sharif is a brilliant business entrepreneur “par excellence”.
3570	Indeed, the Holy Father has cautioned even heterosexual couples against violating the sacrament by viewing each other primarily as sexual servants.
3571	Indeed, they have invited God's wrath.
3572	Indeed, under Suharto, the Indo­nesian economy made remarkable progress.
3573	Indeed you are absolutely right.
3574	Indian researchers are hoping to develop the idea into an advanced version with a solid body, hoping that it might replace the environmentally damaging small car favoured by far too many Indian middle class families.
3575	Individual consultation will be provided after the presentation for those persons seeking additional information and resources.
3576	Indonesia restricted foreign aid workers to two large cities because of "militant threats".
3577	Indonesia says Singapore 'behaving like a child' over haze Indonesia on Thursday accused Singapore of "behaving like a child" by complaining about severe haze from raging forest fires on Sumatra island that has cloaked the city-state.
3578	In Dr Rajan’s “realm of ideas” there was just no place for the dodgy business practices we are notorious for across the world.
3579	Inducted into the Athletic Hall of Fame were Cathy (Behr) Helin 2004, basketball; and the 1992-93 Trojan Hockey Team.
3580	Industries topped with smoke stacks, nearby chemical plants, and crowded urban areas all contribute to Atlanta’s litter and toxicity.
3581	Industry spokesman Carl Portman of the Resource Development Council said that the RDC supports the sale as clearly in the best interest of Alaska, and that it posed new opportunities for economic development on the Kenai Peninsula.
3582	I needed a little break for a while but I haven’t been killed off!
3583	In effect this means that once someone has signed up for Trump, it doesn't matter if he comes out with some outrageous statement because either a) the media is blowing it out of proportion or b) he's just telling it like it us or c) he's just being Trump.
3584	I never thought I'd see forward thinking and council in the same sentence it's a real oxymoron. bunnyson I never thought I'd see forward thinking and council in the same sentence it's a real oxymoron.
3585	I never want to walk into the room feeling doubtful or timid.
3586	In fact he shaved nearly one second off his personal best time in the final, placing seventh and clocking a time of 33.13 seconds.
3587	In fact, if you read the following prose, you’ll presumably develop an understanding of the cons.
3588	In fact, it was amazing for the whole Hammond team because they had three finalists in total.
3589	In fact, I was so confident in his ability that when Virginia played Boise State in week four, I bet my skeptical friend three dollars that Johns would lead the team down the field for a touchdown on the first drive.
3590	In fact, love is an important ingredient in any recipe.
3591	In fact, the bills referenced in the mailer resulted in taxpayers shelling out over half a million dollars in costly unsuccessful legal battles.
3592	In fact, the board will meet as usual before that, on April 16. After reviewing expenses for LCC’s bookkeeper, board member Stacy Behm asked if she remembered correctly that the board had considered doing its bookkeeping in-house.
3593	In fact, there's no player in hockey I'd rather have on my team right now.
3594	In fact, the state legislature has proposed that only green cleaning products be used in Connecticut’s public schools.
3595	In fact the war of words is likely to mar future privatisation transaction as well as foreign investments.
3596	In fact, they did the exact opposite.
3597	In fact, through a bilateral meeting with President Mahmoud Abbas, Indonesia stated it had already opened an Honorary Consulate of Indonesia in Ramallah which will be inaugurated this March.
3598	In fact, when the Calderon Administration learned of the huge price tag of its proposal from Ways and Means Committee Ranking Member Charles Rangel (D-NY) it asked for an estimate of the proposal without the intangible asset transfer provisions.
3599	In fact, within a few weeks, I soon became known to all the nonresidents as that loopy Vermonter who disappeared every weekend pursuing his rock ’n’ roll dream.
3600	In fact, you do not need to try hard at all.
3601	In fact, you may have to have two family meetings, one with your parents and a second with your adult children.
3602	IN FEBRUARY 2015, nearly two years after Beshear announced he would expand Medicaid in Kentucky, Governor Bill Haslam, a Republican, tried to follow suit in Tennessee.
3603	Information according to Tobie Henline, HHS drama teacher.
3604	In Fortune Nsoro style, a few weeks ago, a callous Mutasa woman, Pamela Bhowa axed her husband Manners Bhowa in the face several times, ultimately condemning him to death.
3605	In four games at triple-A provincials in Vancouver last month, Kneen averaged 20 points and 7.8 rebounds a contest.
3606	In furtherance, the European Union website indicates that in 2007 internet penetration in the United Kingdom and Poland was 100 percent and 64 per cent respectively.
3607	In Game One I was wondering why Griffin was committing useless fouls, scrapping too hard for rebounds even as the whistle was blowing.
3608	In Garcia's absence, the regional tourney was a breeze for other competitors near her weight.
3609	In G-Hernandez, the fight is between Councilor Tita Galentes against Miguelito Galendez.
3610	Inglenook fireplace with bressumer beam and wood burning stove set on pamment and brick tile hearth.
3611	In her closing remarks, Clark repeated her aim to continue economic development and resource revenue sharing that have dominated the government’s approach in recent years.
3612	In her recent book Imagining Autism, the American scholar Sonya Freeman Loftis, herself on the ASD spectrum, writes that autism has become a "metaphor for otherness", allowing a character like Lisbeth to serve as a "blank space for cultural projection".
3613	In his article in the Wall Street Journal he said, "Had the world heeded my advice, circumstances would have been quite different."
3614	In his first introduction to the nurse who was assigned to care for him, he reached out for her arm and stopped her.
3615	In his first year at Alabama, Husack’s plan was to change the culture of the program to be more successful.
3616	In his letter, Lazo said gambling whether legal or illegal "promotes a culture that is harmful to the people, especially the poor."
3617	In his letter, Schultz urged the contractors to forgo cement in favor of more attractive materials like brick.
3618	In his memory, we must continue to reconcile and to unite our rainbow nation and to deepen non-racialism.
3619	In his State of the Union address in January, President Bush said he wanted the United States to produce 35 billion gallons of ethanol by 2017.
3620	In his strongest intervention yet in the US presidential election, Mr Obama also rebuked James Comey for the decision to announce just days before the election that new emails linked to Hillary Clinton were being investigated.
3621	In his ultra-realist style, they tell the stories of a father who misses milestones in his daughter’s life due to substance abuse and a Filipina who is working overseas sending money back home to a son hooked on drugs.
3622	In his view, concerns over hyper-competitive pressure were unfounded, and students could take classes at other local universities if Princeton cannot accommodate students.
3623	In honor of Halloween, the American Visionary Art Museum offers an evening of free museum admission, lantern-making workshops, and a "Ride of Frankenstein" bike ride, rounded out by a screening of "Young Frankenstein."
3624	In India the sports associations wait for aspirants to come to them and then want to put them to tests or face internal competition to decide who goes to international contests.
3625	Initially, graphene needs to work with silicon—it needs to work in our existing factories and production lines and research capabilities—and then we’ll get some momentum going.”
3626	Initially the surgery was a success, however on the third day of recovery, the blood vessels in his transplanted thumb went into spasms.
3627	Initial work is underway on a Counts Massie Road extension in Maumelle that is to someday lead to a planned interchange at Interstate 40, something that has been talked about for the past 20 years.
3628	In its 129-year history, Emerson has never tenured and promoted a black male professor.
3629	In its over 126-year history, the Company has never failed to complete a marine project.
3630	In its report, the Mariport consultants predicted the GN’s decision not to exercise the one-year contract option could have produced a cost increase of 10 to 15 per cent.
3631	In January, 1972, she and other family members returned to the family farm in Woodstock.
3632	In January and February, the US government paid a total of $1.7 billion in cash to Tehran.
3633	In January, Andrews County commissioners unanimously passed a resolution in support of the company's latest efforts, County Judge Richard Dolgener said.
3634	In July, Obama led by a 13 points and even by 25 points in May.
3635	In July, the lower house of parliament passed a resolution to protect religious circumcision and the government has promised a new law to make clear that doctors or families will not be prosecuted for carrying out the procedure.
3636	In June, the municipality attempted to put pressure on the developer, but the gambit failed, and in July, SSS Manhao advised the city it would not be building the hotel.
3637	In junior varsity action, the Lady Jays fell to the visiting G-Men 21-2 in a game that lasted only two quarters.
3638	In Kyrgyzstan, the academy is helping to create a plan to reform the country's financial management system based on Estonia's experiences.
3639	In last week’s edition we published the following front page story “Walmart to break ground.
3640	In late 2009, Wells Fargo hosted a home preservation event in Phoenix that 7,500 at-risk Arizona homeowners were invited to attend to get assistance with their home loans.
3641	In lieu of flowers, the family requests donations be made to the MS Society.
3642	“In light of recent violence the idea of living without fear, of having this hopeful message, is beautiful and poignant,” Ludwig says.
3643	In light of the large investments required for Free Zones development, a strong commitment from government and active participation of the private sector is crucial.
3644	In looking at the rest of the region, I thought we had a couple of other girls and boys who could have been recognized as well, but Oconee and Jefferson had some very deserving kids on both the boys and girls sides.
3645	In Malope's case, police say the suspect used WhatsApp to con the gospel queen's friends and family.
3646	In many cases, he notes, she has little choice: “She has no hope of help from her parents and is lost economically.
3647	"In many ways, the sharing economy is making it up as they go along," said Christopher Knittel, a professor at the MIT Sloan School of Management and an author of the study.
3648	In many ways, we are all responsible.
3649	In March of 1936 she married Irvin Pruss, and he preceded her in death in 1989.
3650	In May 2007, DiCaprio was listed among Time Magazine’s 100 Most Influential People in The World.
3651	In my opinion it bothers on selfishness, you lived your lives the way you thought was best, you contacted an ailment and now you are screaming for attention from the people you treated with disrespect.
3652	In my three years at St Stephen’s College, he addressed students in the auditorium at least twice, and on both occasions there was standing room only.
3653	In my view the City Council should have said so what and moved on with the development.
3654	"In negotiations, the South Korean government initially demanded $364 million in compensation for Koreans forced by into labor and military service during the Japanese occupation; $200 per survivor, $1,650 per death and $2,000 per injured person.
3655	In Nevada, Trump has reverted to his "rigged" rhetoric as early vote numbers in the Las Vegas area suggest that Clinton has an advantage.
3656	In New York, angry crowds -- some carrying signs with messages such as "Not my president" -- marched to the President-elect's doorstep, Trump Tower, where he lives and works.
3657	In November, voters will face a ballot question that would constitutionally dedicate all fuel tax revenues to the Transportation Trust Fund.
3658	In Nunavut it's the only federal political party to put down deep roots and attract a significant number of followers who are loyal from one election to the next.
3659	In one of his last speeches, Clinton told the White House Correspondents' Association dinner he was preparing his résumé.
3660	In one of his most profitable plays, he invested $35,000 into drilling sites in Canada, sank the money from those sites into new wells, and in 1979 sold his entire Canadian operation to another oil company for $600 million.
3661	In order to make the class more accessible to students with little or no knowledge in coding, the Yale course has also added about ten more staff members, according to Rebeschini.
3662	In other words, any country that wants to boost economic growth and increase rates of job creation needs to focus on its SMEs.
3663	In other words, the whole Department is actuated by a real esprit de corps, without which no organization of men can do its best, either in war or in peace.
3664	In our area, there are fewer than 10 agents out there (maybe fewer than five) who fall into the category of what I call the "uber-agents."
3665	In our opinion, this flat will make a great buy to let investment or indeed a first time purchase.
3666	INP adds from DI Khan: Six terrorists, including a key Taliban commander, were killed in a blast and 10 suspects were arrested during a search operation here on Tuesday.
3667	In particular, we should lend our support to meeting the challenge set in the new Sustainable Development Goals: to build a new migration system that enables people to move safely and prevents abuse for the benefit of all.
3668	In pictured: Soldiers in action during an encounter with militants on the Line of Control (LoC) in Lachipora area in Uri sector of Jammu and Kashmir on September 21, 2016.
3669	In previous years, the ball was held in a room at the Golden Sails Hotel in Long Beach.
3670	In Rabun County, where tourism is the biggest mainstay, an expansion is in store for one of two manufacturers in the industrial business park.
3671	In recent weeks, police officers in Dallas and Baton Rouge have been ambushed by gunmen who killed eight and wounded several others.
3672	In recognition of his scientific endeavors, one of the moon's craters is named after him.
3673	In response to the demand, Hyderabad-based NALSAR University of Law, one of the leading law schools in the country, will start a new course on October 15: the Masters Degree in Business Laws and Administration.
3674	In response to the piece I received many e-mail suggestions for reconfiguration.
3675	In ret­ro­spect, Bush’s in­ter­ven­tions with Wash­ing­ton did not al­ways play well, however.
3676	In Schuylkill County, that could mean over $130,000 in new demolition funding.
3677	“In sculpture, I work with what I find,” said Landes.
3678	Insecurity and fear play a powerful role in the ascendancy of the Tea Party movement as a grassroots, anti-establishment, anti-globalisation, anti-state and anti-immigrant movement.
3679	“In selecting Aaron Weil, we are confident that goal has been achieved.”
3680	In September, Netanyahu ikened the labelling plan to what he said were similar labels placed on Jewish products in the Nazi era.
3681	In several cases, the amendments will toughen crimes and will probably improve the code.
3682	In short, there are no direct flights between most African countries, yet there are direct flights from nearly every African country to the capitals of the countries' former colonisers.
3683	In slope style, Henderson missed out on a bronze medal by five points.
3684	In some instances, a few soldiers kept fighting with Taliban for almost 48 hours requesting for backup support but they were not given any support.
3685	“In some places up north, more rock is used,” explains Richard, “but since here the rock has to be shipped in, it can get very expensive.
3686	Inspector Shirley Gornall wrote in a letter to executive headteacher Paul Roach: "You know that outcomes need to rise rapidly and this is your unequivocal focus."
3687	In Spectrum Tags Platte City Economic Development, Platte County, Platte County Fair, Platte Ridge Park, Pre-Dash Bash, Warrior Dash Despite late flurry, @PHSPantherFB season ends with 42-21 loss to Staley in C5 quarters.
3688	Inspired by the Top Men theatrical production the exchange students saw in the fist week of their stay, the play combined live music and interpretive performance.
3689	Inspired Retired Quilting Guild, 1 p.m., Newton Falls Community Center, 330-872-3122.
3690	INS Sumitra, an offshore patrol vessel under the command of K.P. Shreeshan Delhi government lists action taken against polluters - 04 Nov 2016 New Delhi, Nov 4 (IANS) The Delhi government said on Friday that issued 854..
3691	In stark contrast to Friday’s shooting spectacle, Sunday’s game against Brandeis began as a defensive struggle for both sides.
3692	Instead, a regimen of accountability would be instituted where those who have stolen public money would pay it back, like the MPs are doing so in the UK.
3693	Instead, as Gutierrez sent off mailers in English to the well-to-do pockets in Bethesda and Chevy Chase, she zeroed in on immigrant-heavy areas such as Wheaton and Silver Spring, with Spanish-language fliers and Spanish-speakers working the phone banks.
3694	Instead, Killmer said, the University of Maryland proposal that championed overlay zones might well prove to be a better way.
3695	Instead of focusing on what went wrong and hurt feelings, find out what your child did to try to address the situation.
3696	Instead of hopping on the North Carolina bandwagon, Marshall said he likes either Oklahoma State or Arizona to win it all.
3697	Instead our conversations have revolved around governance and patriotic history in their polar opposite dimensions.
3698	Instead, politics is about what we can get with the power we have and are willing and able to use.
3699	Instead, the supporters of background checks in the state are simply working to prevent NRA-supported legislation from passing the state's General Assembly.
3700	Instead they are actually a makeshift solution to a poverty policy that only manufactures poverty.
3701	Instead, they perform as themselves and leave the song choices completely in the hands of the audience.
3702	Instead, they used moderate family income, which in Connecticut is $40,000 to $50,000.
3703	Instead, today Britain’s economy is still over 3 percentage points smaller than it was before the crisis.
3704	In store, the pair demonstrated how to make a grass wreath and a ‘monsteria chandelier’ for the first time.
3705	"Instructions Not Included" is a sweet movie for the whole family, offering moments that will illicit both laughter and tears.
3706	In summarizing Prince’s work, a book published by Harvard Press noted Prince was “usually jaunty and assured,” but he “occasionally had bouts of depression.”
3707	Insurance underwriters are not willing to assume the same levels of risk so there will be lower lifetime extended health coverage and there will be annual limits for dental coverage.
3708	In Syria, forty eight people have been killed in air strikes by government forces in the besieged city of Aleppo.
3709	Interactive toys are another great way for kids to explore and discover at home.
3710	Interestingly enough, the lesson of the story goes beyond the three fiscal determinants of borrowing, spending, and saving, for it really is about transcending those to a state where family and friends are the real coin of the realm.
3711	Interment will be on Tuesday, May 27, 2014 at 2 p.m. in the Pecan Cemetery near Dublin, Texas under the direction of J.E. Keever Mortuary, Inc. Posted by publisher on May 28 2014.
3712	In terms of major economic development, Cuomo introduced a plan that would build the biggest convention center in the country, to be located around the Aqueduct race course in Queens, while turning the Javits Convention Center into a mixed use facility.
3713	In terms of real estate, finding potential office properties can be problematic for investors, when buildings are broken up into condominiums with several different owners.
3714	International litigation funder Vannin Capital is said to be lined up to provide funding for the action though the percentage fee charged for a successful outcome will rest on how complex the extended case now turns out to be, Marshall said.
3715	In Terrace they have an office on highway 16 at Eby Street with a display showing how much they have risen towards their goal.
3716	In that en banc decision, the Supreme Court, lashed KBP for playing footsie, with the Macapagal-Arroyo regime’s gags on the “Hello Garci” tapes.
3717	In that letter, Mr Trimble outlined his strategy to increase pressure on republicans and nationalists progressively, to place responsibility on republicans and "only that way can suspension be achieved"?
3718	In that new subchapter, the following partial text of a statute can be found: § 3135.
3719	In that sense, removing Calhoun’s name would be the opposite of an erasure: It would be a form of restoration.
3720	In the 2012-2013 school year, black students were 200 points behind white students on the combined SAT’s reading and math sections.
3721	“In the 30 minutes I spent working on my computer, they’ve completely decimated the house!”
3722	In the afternoon we went to visit some friends of the Binghams who happened to live in a villa owned by a real live count.
3723	In the ALCS, it was Toronto team president and CEO and longtime friend Mark Shapiro — Cleveland’s team president when the Indians hired Francona prior to the 2013 season.
3724	In the beginning, outings were very frequent and involved just him and Samantha.
3725	In the Bronco tournament, La Jolla’s Red team beat North City Mix 12-0 in four innings with strong pitching from Sterling Hayes and Carson Greene.
3726	In the case of TC Grills, this is certainly true.
3727	In the case of the forgotten easements unveiled by La Jolla Light, Harris said the city will study them “on a case by case basis.”
3728	In the case of Time Warner, IAC and Expedia Chairman Diller told CNBC's "Squawk on the Street" that he does not think the deal helps the company, adding Time Warner's challenges are "so great."
3729	“In the case of women of color, you’ve got gender discrimination, and you have racial-ethnic discrimination.
3730	In the Class 4A Division II regional softball tournament to be held at City Park Ballfield Complex in Garnett and hosted by Anderson County High School, the Burlington Lady Wildcats earned the No. 1 seed with a 13-5 record.
3731	In the committee meeting, however, it was suggested the money come from the Delinquent Tax Revolving Fund.
3732	In the days following the ALP state conference, landholders who will be affected by the dam received a letter formally advising them of the situation.
3733	In the doubles, Mardy Fish and Andy Roddick won their opener against Lu and Jonathan Marray of Britain on Wednesday as the Taiwanese lost for the second time in a day to bow out of the tournament.
3734	In the early sixties, he began sending the Mattachine newsletter to the office of J. Edgar Hoover, the head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
3735	In the end, Helen got Jackie into a regular class, with extra instructional help.
3736	In the factory, it is business as usual.
3737	In the fall of 1951, Hank was on a hunting trip on his Tennessee farm when he tripped and fell, re-activating a dormant back injury.
3738	In the fall, they go dormant and put their energy back into the root system," said Johnson.
3739	In the few short years since those stories were published, almost all of those websites have disappeared, closed up or shut down.
3740	In the financial year 2008-09 out of the sample of 3,66,233 companies, 1,46,554 (40 per cent) paid no taxes and only 40,714 companies paid tax at an effective rate of more than 33 per cent.
3741	In the first ever meeting between the teams, Griffin Knapp scored five goals and tallied an assist for Division I BFA-St.
3742	In the first quarter of 2015, NOVAGOLD achieved the following: I'm very pleased with the progress we have achieved permitting Donlin Gold to date.
3743	In the first stage, the political street rallies around a single short-term aim that is capable of drawing public attention, stirring hearts and firing energies for a certain amount of time.
3744	In the four years from 2012 to 2015, an estimated 98 people have died from opioid overdoses in Berkshire County, according to the most recent Department of Health — more than twice than the 49 who died in the previous 12 years combined.
3745	In The Game of Literature and Some Literary Games, Elizabeth Bruss explains that, when readers engage with books like that, they make many choices that in turn affect the overall experience.
3746	In the imaginative scene depicting July 2055, for example, radical climate change has forced the LEGO people of Surrey to farm on a gated Port Mann Bridge while others use guns to protect oiler tankers, "Mad Max" style.
3747	In their declaration marking the fifth anniversary of the SCO, member states pledged to contribute to a new global security framework featuring mutual trust, mutual benefits, equality and mutual respect.
3748	In the last 20 years as he's gotten older, he's accepting of his feminine side, and so is Helen.
3749	In the last four years river cruising in Europe has gone on an expansion spree that has delivered ships mainly for the traditional major rivers in Europe (Germany, Austria).
3750	In the latest Gallup Poll, Michelle's favorable rating was 64 percent; Hillary averages only about 43 percent.
3751	In the Link-Up Second Division, Andy Grimes grabbed a record-breaking 10-goal haul in Princess Villa’s 20-1 romp at Upton Rangers (Florian) which saw Jack Roberts also net five as Anthony Ferguson settled for a birthday brace.
3752	In the maize belt, ethanol production is proving so profitable that the regional towns are rebuilding their schools, hospitals and other infrastructure.
3753	In the meantime, back shop and flight line maintainers ensured the jet was ready.
3754	In the meantime, Moore confirms that the paper has announced a search among current staffers for a new metro columnist.
3755	In the meantime, stop by and ask your barista about the iced fall coffee, a Japanese-style cold brew infused with house-made spiced syrup.
3756	In the meantime, Thailand’s PNA group has announced that it has become the official authorized dealer for Proton in Thailand and claims it will have 20 outlets, with eight in Bangkok and the other 12 located throughout the provinces.
3757	In the near future a third room will be ready for occupancy as well.
3758	"In the new transition program, Airmen will take monthly PT appraisals and PT three days per week."
3759	In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 53.81, while the three-month was at 54.39.
3760	In the old days, they would just be transferred to another parish.
3761	In the online space, popular social channels like Facebook will be tapped and amplified with on ground promotions in major retail outlets and through the OEM partners.
3762	In the overall medal tally, Poland finished in 20th place with three golds, six silvers and one bronze.
3763	In the past few weeks, Kooiman and LaCroix have taken steps in educating their respective boards about the crisis, and lobbying local legislators on the needs of long-term care before the upcoming session.
3764	In the past, it seemed we'd take two steps forward and then take one step back.
3765	In the past, Mayor Ivy Taylor and other advocates have said that chronically homeless population will be the hardest to get to, because many are dealing with issues like drug addiction or mental illness.
3766	In the process, Ford became the first commander in chief never to have been elected president or vice president.
3767	In the public works report, council voted 6-0 to accept the resignation letter of street commissioner Ron Smith, who is retiring after 33 years on the job.
3768	In the season opener, Drew Brees had a great statistical game completing 32 of his 49 pass attempts for 419 yards and three touchdowns without an interception.
3769	In the shotgun competition, the $20 entry fee, which covers both shells and clay targets.
3770	In the show, famous tapestries such as “The Birth of the Virgin” and “Greenery” come to life on the stage.
3771	In the southern provinces of Ben Tre, Tien Giang and Vinh Long, local gardening associations developed farming areas specialising in fruit trees in line with Good Agricultural Practices (GAP), which makes between 600-700 million VND per hectare.
3772	In the SPE meeting, the tax authority decided to find out some of the sensitive products to offer waiver so that consumers can get those at cheaper rates sans VAT.
3773	In the Strome College of Business, Ling Li and Wayne Talley developed a master’s degree in maritime trade in supply chain management.
3774	In the study, believed to be the first to look into the effects of religious garments on lie detection, researchers conducted two experiments with a total of 523 participants.
3775	In the suit, filed last week in Bullitt Circuit Court, Hunt claims Sheriff David Greenwell violated her due process by suspending her in May and then repeatedly questioning her without providing any explanation or formal charges.
3776	In the third inning, Maloney singled down the line to score sophomore McKenzie Garland.
3777	In the title story, Myra and Russell Calvert, parents who have lost their only son, move to southern California to assuage their grief.
3778	In the U.S., 1 in 7 people struggle with hunger.
3779	In the wake of the Lehman fiasco, US and European banks pumped $180 billion into global financial markets in an effort to stabilise them.
3780	In the warmer months, Judy loved to garden, go camping at Stillwater State Park in Groton where she loved to sit by the lake and watch the loons, and kayak on Vermont’s many lakes and ponds.
3781	In the years since, Knox officials have battled ongoing budget deficits, which largely stem from organizational problems in the 1990s.
3782	In this case, the Codenomicon researchers did well.
3783	In this case we have a retiree.
3784	In this context, the officials welcomed the efforts taken to work out the agenda for the next meeting in the five plus two format, due in Berlin in early June, and voiced hope that it would be yield good results.
3785	In this film, Sinha tells the story of gaming developer Shekhar Subramanium (played by Shahrukh Khan), whose world changes when characters in his recently designed video game enter the real world.
3786	In this period, the high-tech sector reported 10,4 percent growth in value-added output, 4,2 percentage points higher than the figure for the whole industrial sector.
3787	In this regard, Daukoru is becoming a master of the game.
3788	In this transformation to a low-carbon economy, business is crucial for investing in and commercialising science and technology.
3789	In this view, the working class becomes a noble representative of a legitimate populist backlash against neoliberalism, and whether or not it embraces an American form of proto-fascism seems irrelevant.
3790	In this way, the Buia fossils link H.erectus with anatomy seen in later species such as H. heidelbergenesis.
3791	In this week’s issue we look at topics such as the Ebola virus which has crossed over from Africa onto U.S. shores.
3792	In three of its last four matchups, CMU has had to overcome double-digit first quarter deficits, going 2-1 in those games, with two of those slow starts coming against teams with losing records.
3793	In time of peace, Virunga National Park is the DRC's most visited place by tourists, who come to see the endangered mountain gorilla in its natural habitat.
3794	In total nearly 2,600lbs of debris was collected.
3795	In total, they would add more than 700 apartment units to the core.
3796	Intrigued by the new gallery space and associated artist studio, he opted to collaborate in the organization of the exhibit, only the third for the newly opened gallery.
3797	In twelve months ending June 30, 2008, the revenue increased to $77,109,142, a total gain of $22,816,518.
3798	Investigators saw a pair of feet sticking out from underneath a mattress in a rear bedroom, and quickly White into custody.
3799	Investment for building new single-family homes was up 3.1 per cent to $4.2 billion.
3800	"Investors are coming back to equity market due to cooling inflation and decline in crude oil prices," CNI Research Head Kishor Ostwal said.
3801	In voting by head coaches, communications directors and media members from around the league.
3802	In what looked like would be a blowout win for Watford City in the first half turned into a real nail-biter for the Wolves as Stanley gave the Wolves everything they could handle in the District 15 title game on Monday night.
3803	“In what may be a final hurrah for this expansionary cycle, Greater Vancouver posted another quarter of unsustainably high price appreciation,” Soper stated in a press release.
3804	In written submissions to the BCSC, Spangenberg admitted to the charges of fraud, but claimed mental illness – “narcissistic illness” – as his defence.
3805	In Wyoming those tensions expressed themselves in a fight — literally — on the House floor in Cheyenne, in January 1913, over who would be Wyoming’s next U.S. senator.
3806	In Your Hour of Need, Dallas' Coffee Roasters Are Here to Save Christmas If you woke up this morning, realized that Christmas is three days away and are freaking out a little because you haven’t bought gifts for anyone, well, good.
3807	Iodine and Merthiolate were used for skinned knees and arms.
3808	“I only wish it was a couple games in, so the guys could have a few games to squash the nerves a bit but that’s part of playing in the league, you’ve got to expect scouts to be watching all the time.
3809	“I opened this in 1991.
3810	I personally don’t have problem with it.
3811	“I personally like to ride my bike, I like to ski, and as we get older, those things aren’t as easy as they used to be.”
3812	"I play Canasta on Mondays at the North Central Senior Centre in College Heights and Tuesdays and Thursdays at the Spruce Capital Senior Centre on Rainbow Drive.
3813	I posted earlier on another topic regarding definition of Firebug.
3814	I previously worked as a staff reporter for the Delaware Valley New and the Sentinel (Carlisle).
3815	I promptly told her to use my child’s replacement clothes if the situation were to arise again.
3816	I pulled a bill from it and, only half awake, sneaked into my son’s room.
3817	Iran activist's personal account of activities against the state Iran Focus: Tehran, Aug. 13 - The following is a personal account emailed to Iran Focus by a pro-democracy activist of activities earlier this week to mobilise anti-government protests.
3818	I reach to my left, and my wire rack of story notes and clippings are right where I expect them.
3819	I realize that groups or organizations like this exist already in the Prescott area, such as chambers of commerce and economic boards and partnerships.
3820	I realize that we needed to retaliate (to the 9/11 attacks), but I don’t think we expended all our full outlets,” Jessica Van Ness, a CSU senior said.
3821	“I really wanted to share this experience with everyone, with the public, just of what it takes to be an athlete, the top player and the pressures that I feel,” Serena told CNN.
3822	“I really want to find a historian so they can take on the project of our 2020 celebration,” said Tommasone, who was elected as a Democrat in 2015 but also served as supervisor as a Republican from 2006-2009.
3823	Irechukwu Nwanyanwu in S.A on student matters.
3824	“I remember me and the coach didn’t like each other,” said the 28-year-old Kipnis.
3825	“I remember on Sundays sometimes there would be maybe a half-dozen people on Congress Avenue waiting for the bus,” says Knox, downtown officer for the City of Austin’s economic development department.
3826	I remember somebody asking me what’s the Sison Way.
3827	“I remember the crash of 1983.
3828	I remember when we were shooting Young Frankenstein there was a scene where I had to get the group up the stairs immediately.
3829	Irene, who was born in Hartford, was named co-anchor of Eyewitness News This Morning in 2007 after a year as the anchor of the weekend editions of Eyewitness News This Morning.
3830	I repeat in clear terms that Isog Han Samar Movement is not a leftist organization.
3831	Iriarte-Gross said MTSU is serious about women in STEM.
3832	Irish author Colum McCann, director Jim Jarmusch, country singer Sturgill Simpson and Peter Wolf of the J. Geils Band reflected on the artists’ accomplishments in remarks that ranged from personal to poetic.
3833	Ironically, Kitzmiller took a flight back to California after the conference ended, said her daughter, Gina, who traveled on The Love Train alongside her mom at 16 years old.
3834	Ironically, The Monkees were a huge success and fans soon started begging for records since they loved their songs.
3835	Isaac's prescription was pretty simple, get plenty of fluids and rest.
3836	I said "Hold on, partner, what's all the fuss?
3837	“I said I was giving his number to the police right now.
3838	Is a new vocabulary of curses required to be fully accepted by the members?
3839	Is Arizona Prepared?"
3840	I saw a documentary not too long ago reporting this whole theory that Hendrix was murdered by the US government, because they were afraid of his funding the Black Panthers.
3841	I saw a sting once.
3842	I saw that guy and then a little while later I looked over, and he was sinking down in the water and drowned.
3843	“I saw what it did to the neighborhood,” she said.
3844	I say that because the Blackberrys are made in Canada and every other day I read stories that the company, Research in Motion, of Waterloo, is in trouble, even though it seems to be making millions in profits each quarter.
3845	"I see it as a blessing and a curse," Hopgood says.
3846	"I see it as a burden on some businesses that operate throughout the state and need to comply with different laws," Stone said.
3847	"I see no reason for the sovereign to issue dollar bonds across the world," said Rajan, speaking at an event at the Chicago Booth business school in London.
3848	I sent about a dozen texts to close friends to see who would like to come over my house for a barbecue, and wasn’t sure on how much food to purchase.
3849	I served as Pastor of All Saints Church, New Orleans from 2008 to 2012.
3850	I should have picked up on the foreshadowing, as those diapers were the last defense between us and what we were about to experience on the runway.
3851	Is imposed only talk football stadiums, and that the public also has a great responsibility to censor bad attitudes, he said.
3852	Isingiro LC5 chairman Mr Jeremiah Kamurari was on Thursday arrested by police for defying an ongoing quarantine.
3853	Is it possible for this to work when the parent with primary custody is not likely to ever see the light and cooperate with us?
3854	Is it still all original members that were attached to the idea?
3855	Islamabad, as usual, strongly denied the charge.
3856	Island by Brian Gerke with rehearsal direction by Anya Cloud.
3857	Island Gallery West will host a reception for stained-glass artist Susan Oberender and mixed-media artist Cecy Richardson, the featured artists for November.
3858	I spent more than two decades in southeast Texas, where summer lasts roughly 11 months and snow is cause for all manner of apocalyptic predictions (not to mention some truly legendary traffic snarls).
3859	Israeli shooting dangerous escalation, says PA A senior Palestinian official on Sunday condemned the death of a man shot dead by Israeli troops at a West Bank checkpoint, calling it a "dangerous escalation".
3860	Israel’s Lieutenant General Gabi Ashkenazi confirmed the offer at a Nov. 17 news conference at the Pentagon.
3861	Israel’s Occupation Is Morally Indefensible I have long maintained that Israel’s occupation of the West Bank defies the moral principle behind the creation of the state.
3862	I started to think about how much money I’d have to eat the next two days, and how I’d hide a $45 laundry bill on my expense account.
3863	"I started working out pretty hard again.
3864	Is that a future we want to give to our children and grandchildren?
3865	Is that part of it?
3866	Is the council aware that the site is a wetland?
3867	Is the oil clean.
3868	Is there a smoking gun somewhere that is not visible to the public?
3869	Is there one Israeli soldier or civilian who died for America?
3870	I suppose these Jewish “pinches” make it irrelevant that the recipe shamelessly mixes milk and meat.
3871	Is your car ready for the winter?
3872	It accuses political parties of “pandering” to prejudices in a quest for votes.
3873	It actually means making fun of someone or something, usually the former.
3874	“It adds to school spirit.”
3875	It allowed employers to do secret background checks on individuals without their consent.
3876	It allows new and existing eCommerce websites with current or prospective subscription potential to automate recurring billing and payments.
3877	It also deserves a nuclear deal similar to the one the George W Bush administration granted India.
3878	“It also provides me with a stark reminder each year that art is truly in the eye of the beholder and I am often humbled by the stories and insights offered when I have the opportunity to talk with the purchasers of works from this exhibition.”
3879	It also recommends regular testing of body fluids for the presence of Zika virus, after coming home from holidaying in these countries.
3880	It also said Canada commits to implementing the Common Reporting Standard for the automatic exchange of financial account information for tax purposes by July 2017 and working with others to establish an International Anti-Corruption Coordination Centre.
3881	It also says, "Despite the challenges of intense global competition, the state's craft brewery industry is strong and growing, and is a major contributor to the economic vitality of California."
3882	It also thrives, he says, because Hawaii – like Las Vegas – has an almost unlimited number of customers who are interested in sinning.
3883	It appeared he did not attempt to turn," Ehrmentraut said.
3884	“It becomes a high-cost crop if you have to do a lot of irrigating,” he said, as it “adds a lot of labour and definitely a lot of diesel to pump water.”
3885	It becomes energy.
3886	It began, “I recently had the pleasure of touring..
3887	It began speeding on tracks running along the fringes of his awareness, pulling carloads of humiliation and mortification to his consciousness.
3888	“It bothers us a lot,” he said.
3889	It burned about 256,000 acres, the largest fire on record in the Sierra Nevada.
3890	It calls for a complete giving of self, heart, soul, mind, strength.
3891	It can be dangerous work -- a fact hammered home by several deadly accidents in recent years.
3892	It can be remembered that Pia, after Manny Pacquiao's loss to Floyd Mayweather in May, tweeted: "Kalma lang guys.
3893	It can cause drooping of the mouth and can be mistaken for a stroke.
3894	It can't be a war because Osama is not a nation.
3895	It caught me totally off guard.
3896	It changes, for better or worse, by how we use it in everyday conversation, in everyday life, trying to get our work done, have some fun, and spend as little time as possible dealing with all the little irksome realities that get in our way.
3897	It changes your perspective."
3898	It comes along with an SD storage card and contains an internal memory of 18MB.
3899	“It comes as an added bonus that we are able to share the fruits of our successes with Central Texas.
3900	“It comes down to situational awareness,” said Chris Stalzer with Scottsdale-based Juggernaut Defense, a company that helped develop the physical components of FLASH and its military counterpart.
3901	It consisted of two locomotives with 92 cars, with 18 of them being tank cars, seven empty and 11 of them carrying hazardous materials, none of which were damaged.
3902	It could be compared to Jallianwala Bhag massacre.
3903	"It could have been over in Game 2, but our serve-receive fell apart," Red Raiders coach Karen Naymola said.
3904	It covered all of New Mexico’s 33 counties, except Harding whose population of fewer than seven hundred provided too little data.
3905	"It'd be me," Clevinger said, according to Ted Berg of For The Win.
3906	It demonstrates the industry leadership that we have shown for many years.
3907	“It depends on who the president is.”
3908	“It didn’t work before and it’s not going to work now.”
3909	It does have its drawbacks.
3910	It does not need hoisin.
3911	Items within the house appeared to have been moved, but nothing was reported stolen.
3912	It especially attracts women’s attention because of its simple, bland and deep taste.
3913	It even has an effect on the way I write.
3914	It features redesigned planters with seating carved out along the edges, a reorganization of cafe tables toward the center to create a streamlined experience for pedestrians, and better lighting, among other upgrades.
3915	It feels like you get more from them than other labels, which I really like.
3916	“It felt really good to go out there and try my best and actually get one of my best marks,” Harbour said.
3917	It gives the body a chance to restore energy, improve immunity, repair and grow.
3918	It gives them a chance to meet and learn from some of retail’s leaders, gaining tips and advice which they can take back into their businesses to help them grow.”
3919	“It had almost everything to do with the leader himself and how he conducted himself.
3920	It had been too long since I had last seen him.
3921	It had just shrunk 9.4 percent of GDP.
3922	It handed the visitors their first Premier League away win since April and left Chelsea six points behind leaders Manchester City having played a game more.
3923	I thank God every day it wasn’t/ I sincerely want to thank the following people: Don Corner, EMTs Gabby Evans and John Driscoll, Millville Fire Co., Dr. Pillai, Bob Ciaro and staff at Tidewater Physical Therapy for helping me get back to one piece again.
3924	“It has also been shown to assist with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder and I know that it helps victims to move on with their lives.
3925	It has a standby supply of 4 MW from the Aboitiz-owned Therma Marine Inc. On August 25, Socoteco I’s three supply contract with the NPC has expired, resulting to power supply cuts of around 10 MW.
3926	It has become routine for us (and, by the way, it has saved us so much money on grocery bills, not to mention the time it takes to shop).
3927	It has been a history-making day for the Brewers - and the celebrations on the final whistle told the whole story.
3928	It has been deeply disappointing.
3929	“It has been something I have looked forward to at the end of the week to lift my spirits,” Garzanti said.
3930	It has been so strong the Bank of Canada is worried the economy could trigger inflation.
3931	"It has given us an opportunity to inform."
3932	It has helped me no end," said Anne, who urged more people to think about giving a home to a rescued dog.
3933	It has little to do with politics, and even less connection with those politicians who seek to exploit it for their own purposes.
3934	It has nothing to do with the issues.
3935	It has now been reported that Steven was regularly seen in the area where he was found – which is frequented by homeless people.
3936	‘’It hasn’t been the easiest of starts this season but we showed a fair bit of fight with the bat against Wests and backed it up against Uni.
3937	It has produced 500 million gallons of water per day for the past nine months and is scheduled for completion in 2007.
3938	"It has to be prepared differently than what we're used to," he concedes, "but there wasn't a serving of beef I had down there that was poor."
3939	It helps explain why 29c in the dollar of banks' debt funding comes from non-residents and why the country's net external debt is equivalent to 56 per cent of gross domestic product.
3940	“It helps you to be more in control and revved up to perform better in life.
3941	“I, therefore, don’t understand the basis for calling for officials to resign when the due process of the law is under way,” said Lipenga as quoted by The Nation.
3942	“I think he’s done an outstanding job, especially dealing with transients downtown and putting more bicycle patrols downtown,” Mayor Jan Marx said in January.
3943	I think he's going to have to at least put the money into escrow until things get settled in court.
3944	I think ideas nowadays are sometimes worth more than money because they can make a change and to get ideas is more difficult than to get money (without underestimating any other entity or effort).
3945	I think I'm a home run hitter, and I think I can do that all the time."
3946	“I thinking about doing the best I could.
3947	"I think it's been a huge success and it's saved a lot of lives from the standpoint of reducing the fairly vulnerable flow of materials through the two points on the Pakistan border."
3948	“I think it started with the academics side and the athletic department took advantage of that,” he said in an interview Wednesday.
3949	“I think just having heavy traffic will help,” said Copland, adding that her nephews are “really excited.”
3950	I think people are very optimistic about it because everyone thinks it is a great project.
3951	"I think that films can have a real impact."
3952	"I think that I'm proof - at 32 years old I won and I'm getting work," she said.
3953	"I think that's why it ranks No. 1 with the American people with regard to health care issues."
3954	I think that we can’t take just that meeting the way they’ve given it to us, that’s not what we just risked disciplinary action for.”
3955	I think that you should always release your own music; you should never, ever expect that anyone in this industry really wants you or your music.
3956	I think the city is designed against musicians.
3957	I think the kids’ll rebound from this and we’ll get ourselves focused on our next opponent.”
3958	I think the present sheriff does an excellent job in reference to looking at things and misconduct.
3959	I think these exercises will help although it will not simulate to the full extent of what an actual incident will be."
3960	“I think they’ll see it as a chance to get a foot in the door, cement their spot, make it hard for the players that aren’t on this tour,” Clarke said.
3961	“I think they turned out (to be) probably some of my best work that I’ve done.”
3962	I think this article jumps to a conclusion about defense against the lawsuit.
3963	“I think this sparks conversation, it sparks a movement to change and embrace woman empowerment: the ability to walk around campus and communities and feel safe and know that you have someone who supports you and is looking out for you,” Davis said.
3964	“I think we are the smallest fully liquor-licensed retailer in greater Chicago,” says Scott Bradley, the owner of the 400-square-foot, maybe-14-seat bar The Alcove (512 Main St., Evanston, no phone yet).
3965	I think we should be selling as much oil to China as possible (at world market prices).
3966	“I think we should get clear on when votes should be taken and how people can feel included,” University Provost Scott Coltrane said after the forum.
3967	I think we should wait until we’re told there are no more passengers left from that flight.
3968	I think you can stay in the minors and make a career of it for a period of time.
3969	I thought adults take responsibility for themselves at some point isn't that what cops tell people when they are arrested.
3970	I thought he almost won a few games for us off his own boot in the finals and what some people wouldn't know is that aside from leading our possession count in almost every game, he usually leads our pressure acts as well.
3971	“I thought it was a robbery or something,” Chac said.
3972	I thought my shoes were talking to me.”
3973	I thought that was a very good idea.
3974	I thought the debate a good idea initially but to watch the Prime Minister of the Land standing there like some contestant in The X Factor I found diminishing.
3975	“I thought the mayor was on point, answered directly, and seemed to have command of the issues.
3976	“I thought they aced it,” Francona said of the Indians front office.
3977	It imposed penalties to landlords for either leasing or just letting someone to settle in an unfinished high rise building.
3978	It interests me a lot and I’d love to do something involving that.
3979	It is a by-product of this war, and it is this government’s responsibility to look into these killings.
3980	It is a favourite locale for me to include when exercising my niece’s two dogs, because of the ability to avoid a lot of traffic and its tranquil setting.
3981	It is a form of a show that deals with re-interpreted historical or literary themes with exhilarated disrespect.
3982	It is also an opportunity to end homelessness in Canada once and for all."
3983	It is a return to the world of touring stand up.
3984	It is a talent that he has passed on to his son.
3985	It is expected for young athletes to make mistakes, especially after going through such a drastic change in their lives.
3986	“It is having a detrimental impact on every segment of our society, and the business community has certainly not been immune.
3987	It is having a material and intellectual impact on the 2012 campaign.
3988	It is his opinion that it seems redundant to renegotiate budgeted positions.
3989	It is important to generate gender-specific indicators that take into account the varied locations of men and women at all levels of society.
3990	It is important to note that the most pronounced parenting-related post-traumatic stress may not be triggered by other parents and their kids, but by your own children.
3991	It is in the memory of late president of Philippines Ramon Magsasay and as a celebration of his idealism in true services in different field for humankind.
3992	It is in this time we are reminded of the change in the seasons.
3993	It is likely to lead to the issuing of about 30 to 40 presumption of death certificates a year.
3994	It is meant to be seen for what it is.
3995	It is men like Salim al-Jabir, a local preacher, who have the standing and stature to take the fight to al-Qaeda,” Johnsen wrote in Bloomberg this August.
3996	It is … more In a country that invested wisely, college would already be free Can America afford to provide free tuition at public colleges and universities?
3997	“It is more of an event than a play.
3998	It is my hope that through education and increased awareness brought forth by my sharing from my real life experiences, we will embrace a more inclusive community that values all of its citizens who are living with disabilities.
3999	It is neither loving nor safe to affirm behaviours that harm and destroy the body and wage war against the soul.
4000	It is no secret that the Delano campus needed something to form a stronger bond with the main campus, and we feel very strongly that WECOMM is what is going to bridge the gap.”
4001	It is not asking for too much from anyone in a position of power to up their game and step up to the plate considering that we have had such a long experience of dealing with the threat of terrorism.
4002	It is not, as the separation just goes to the muscle wall.
4003	It is not a woman who got bopped in the eye.
4004	It is not by accident that the Church places a ring upon a new bishop’s finger, to be an ongoing sign and reminder of his union with, and commitment to, his people.
4005	It is not clear when or where this alleged police intervention took place.
4006	It is now their mission to learn as much as they can about them and share facts and stories.
4007	It is obviously within the scope of individual rights to be authorized to demonstrate(.
4008	It is obvious that Manchester United are reluctant to part with Van Gaal.
4009	It is obvious that the type of political system operational in any nation determines her pace of development.
4010	"It is possible, absolutely possible still, to make peace with the Palestinians."
4011	It is precisely this dynamic – women good/men bad – that has destroyed the relationship between the sexes.
4012	It is safe to assume that he would say some of these things and the strategic congruence between the two countries and India's role in building an effective security arcitechture in Asia in his speech on foreign policy.
4013	It is simply our job to see them.
4014	"It is something historical to be proud of," he said in an interview.
4015	It is specifically asking about whether seatbelts were modified, and details about the roof removal.
4016	It is structured almost like a thriller, so that every time Chanakya notches up a victory, the audience applauds.
4017	It is that attention to detail that makes Nick's latest adventure, the Starcrest Restaurant, worth the drive on its own.
4018	It is the third straight month the gauge is above the 50 critical point that divides expansion or contraction from a month earlier.
4019	It is this same public that in 2003 didn't let the Erdogan government permit American use of Turkish airspace en route to Iraq, and the same public that turned out in huge numbers to protest the war in Gaza.
4020	It is widely speculated that the 1992 presidential campaign of Texas businessman Ross Perot was responsible for George H. W. Bush not winning reelection.
4021	It is with pleasure that I present this long overdue award to an outstanding employee, Matthew Sampson.
4022	It is wrong and violation of maryada."
4023	It is wrong to discriminate in health care.
4024	It last reported a profit in January 2014.
4025	It lay emphasis on building collectiveness to combat terrorism.
4026	It lists the minimum age as 8. Scott Edwards, a former Las Vegas bus driver visiting the Last Stop on Thursday, said such gun ranges were popular with tourists visiting from out of state.
4027	It’ll be posted on the library’s Facebook page.
4028	“It looks we will have more rain and mosquitoes in September and October.
4029	It makes it so easy to manage your GV account, get voicemails, or read the transcript Google makes from your voicemails.
4030	It marked the 10th straight month that job growth has exceeded 200,000, the longest stretch since 1994 and further confirmation the economy is weathering slowdowns in China and the euro zone, as well as a recession in Japan.
4031	It marked the halfway point to the summer celebration.
4032	It may be simply doing the dishes or drawing your spouse’s bath.
4033	It may be stated that milli and minority organisations had carried on a campaign for about two years for their exemption from the application of Right to Education Act 2009 under which free and compulsory education was to be enforced.
4034	“It may have been a test for something much larger” added Guccione.
4035	It may have been called Springer Admiral.
4036	It may have been Ford’s best game in a Chiefs uniform, one that at least rivals his three-sack game against the Chargers last season, and it occurred at an important juncture in the season.
4037	It may not exactly be what we have in India, but a system of civil service prevails in every country.
4038	It may well be sharing power in outside territories of Gilgit-Baltistan and in AJK, but the fact remains that it got dethroned.
4039	It means more than a loss of entertaining programs.
4040	It means that every voice is the same.
4041	"It means we're going to throw to that from our studio in May and we're going to have to be the same but different."
4042	It must have been harder for them to think they had control.
4043	It needs to go and be replaced not with another hulk of a shopping center but with a development that will serve the community in multiple positive ways.
4044	It notes that Canadian women are still over-represented in part-time and low-paid work, and repeatedly cites failures regarding Indigenous people and African Canadians and the social disparities they face.
4045	It occurred to builders of the time that brick would be a lot harder to burn, so up went several brick buildings.
4046	“I told everyone to stop picking on him … because I don’t know what it would be like to have my dad gone for that amount of time,” Jacob said.
4047	It only took a few feet for him to encounter a curb.
4048	I took a risk there, but I thought it was important for us to understand we play as a team.”
4049	“I totally lost it,” he says.
4050	It points to intentions, and the 5+1 negotiations are based on good intentions, and they – good will is that – it means that you are doing things that are positive for the negotiations.
4051	It prepares students for the Certified Medical Assistant credential, which is becoming increasingly desirable to healthcare providers across the state.
4052	It promised to be a dreary, cloud filled day so unusual for fall in the Midwest. more » Published August 25, 2016 by Mark Cullen Hopefully you’re enjoying some hammock time and have entered a special zone that is reserved for late summer.
4053	It quit growing and matured out due to the temperature.”
4054	It rarely remains there.
4055	I tried to console myself with the knowledge that these BMW 518s had the power-to-weight ratio of Homer Simpson and thereafter, I've tended to view any 5 Series titled with an eighteen with considerably disdain.
4056	“I tried to listen to the conflicting certainties that divided those who saw the results of 1967 as blessing from those who saw it as curse,” he writes.
4057	"I trust him a lot.
4058	It's a big job.
4059	“It’s a bit of relief that the season is almost over, but we’ll work hard over the off-season to build this club towards 2017 and beyond.
4060	"It's about getting better," Reeve said.
4061	It’s about some artist who did something.”
4062	It’s about that time to chat music.
4063	It's about time too, since being on tour with a metal band is only an excuse for so long..
4064	“It’s actually kind of a yellowish color,” Splitstoser told the Los Angeles Times.
4065	“It’s actually the fifth-most common cancer — you just don’t hear much about it,” Nichols said.
4066	"It's a family."
4067	It's against the law for private individuals to coordinate their efforts with a candidate with the intent to subvert the law.
4068	It's a good business to be in."
4069	“It’s a good sign people enjoyed themselves, and enjoyed themselves enough to come back,” said Mr. Lind.
4070	“It’s a great day for America and for Scouting,” David Boies, a lawyer, said of Monday’s announcement.
4071	It’s a grueling sport that takes time, effort, patience, resilience and m..
4072	"It's a guessing game," he said.
4073	It said costs were under control and on target.
4074	“It’s a life-changing thing to do.
4075	It's a little strange that Atherton residents feel they have airplane noise problems from tiny San Carlos airport - especially since it's not in the flight path.
4076	"It's all tied to the same individuals in the same scheme, the bigger conspiracy."
4077	It’s also a lifetime treatment because, unlike animals, humans, due to a genetic mishap, lost the ability to produce this vitamin eons ago.
4078	It’s also a time to look forward to seeing your fellow soldiers again, men who fought side by side, who fought mostly for each other to stay alive.
4079	It’s also reusable – one kit can train hundreds of students.
4080	“It’s also that I know, through our game, we could touch millions — if not possibly tens of millions — of people in all parts of the world and get them to think seriously about surveillance infrastructures, whether they’re corporate or governmental.”
4081	It's also worth pointing out that an increase of 6 degrees Celsius is pretty much game over, anyway.
4082	“It’s always going to be a work in progress,” he adds.
4083	“It’s always happened in the past and we hope to continue to do so.”
4084	It’s amazing what fame can do for a man. lol Your email address will not be published.
4085	It’s a new experience for a lot of guys.
4086	“It’s an exciting time to be in North Bay,” says John Lechlitner of Eastview Developments, who is developing cottage lots and an 84-lot residential subdivision on Airport Hill in the city.
4087	It’s an explosion of flavors and textures in your mouth.
4088	It’s an unconventional material for plein-air artists, who mostly work on sturdy panels or prepared canvas.
4089	It’s a sentiment she learned from Black Hills Wild Horse Sanctuary founder, Dayton O. Hyde.
4090	It’s a sheep in wolf’s clothing.
4091	It's a stunning Georges Chakra dress.
4092	It's a tale of two kinds of patients.
4093	It's a thing that now I'm aware of, but it's like trying to break the habit of eating basically candy and fried food our whole life.
4094	It’s a time for Alachua to be on the map and shine, said Alachua Mayor Gib Coerper.
4095	It’s a very expensive place to own property,” he said.
4096	“It’s a very modest house with a lovely bit of land,” said Rose – similar to other older homes that used to make up the neighbourhood.
4097	It’s a very sweet and romantic feel and I think this is a kind of film people want to watch during the festive season.
4098	“It’s a very volatile number and nobody can predict where it’s going to be next year, much less two years from now,” Avard said.
4099	It’s a win-win situation that makes the buying decision easy.”
4100	It says the department has routinely failed to discipline officers who wrongfully killed suspects and encourages a “conspiracy of silence among its employees.”
4101	It’s because I’m a dreamer.
4102	“It’s been 10 years since we’ve had this many cold days in a row,” he said.
4103	“It’s been a long time since we could do a full-on scrimmage,” she said.
4104	“It’s been harder this time because of the short notice – only this last weekend – but we’re doing whatever we can to make sure the customers are safe and warm.”
4105	"It's been in place now for over a year.
4106	"It's been really nice having her coach with me," Hodgman-Burns said of his daughter.
4107	"It's big, but we can't get too high," Chief safety Eric Berry said.
4108	It’s bigger than one person.
4109	It's called the 522. Today, you can pick it up at the Eastridge Mall transit center and ride it all the way up!
4110	It's called the Grey Canal Trail.
4111	It’s clear that is the case, Mr. Speaker.
4112	Its corporate office is in Richmond.
4113	Its design is inspired by the human ear, and the device's suite of features transcends headphones as they're currently defined.
4114	“It’s difficult because we’re dealing with living people and living communities,” he said.
4115	"It's down to them that I have this amazing memory bank of being around this diverse mix of music.
4116	It’s easy to portion and will have a good price point for restaurants.”
4117	It seems anything that has to do with immigrants lately revolves around their rights now that they are on American soil — but not the right of America to send them packing back across the border.
4118	It seems like just yesterday it was the Queen's birthday and already she is celebrating again.
4119	It seems like some places I go, people understand exactly how I feel, and they feel the same.
4120	It seems many people, whether they accept or criticize the pope’s views on social justice and the environment, wonder how the pope became concerned about social justice and the welfare of the working poor.
4121	It seems that every year there is a competition between humans and turkeys.
4122	It seems that these three groups of companies are above any type of accountability.
4123	Its eighth studio set is its second No. 1 on Hard Rock Albums, following 2012's Ex Lives, which launched with 14,000.
4124	“It sent him over the edge and caused him to start drinking,” said Mrs Allister.
4125	It's exciting to see parks and trails and access expanding, not contracting.
4126	It's expected to do the same with an upcoming, $35-a-month TV streaming service called DirecTV Now.
4127	"It’s funny," Maya says, "I’m American here, but in America, I’m Indian."
4128	It’s going to be a good night,” Wagner said.
4129	'It’s going to be an awesome year' With a new provincial curriculum, numerous building projects and a search for a new secretary treasurer all ahead, the Burnaby school district is looking down the barrel of..
4130	It’s going to take time to get back on my feet, but I know one day I will by all the hard work and the things that have to happen over that time.”
4131	“It’s hard for any team to win two games in a weekend.”
4132	It’s hard not have a little fun, anyway, when the tour includes many displays of his grandiose outfits and replays of his legendary music.
4133	It should be expanding programmes that give unemployed people jobs doing tasks that are needed in the community, and helping local government to do more too.
4134	It should be noted that not only does the ballot title for 2C allow "improvements," City Council has officially declared it would not offer a vote for the expenditure of $129 million in improvements for C4C.
4135	It should be stated from the outset that Ebola is not one of those illnesses which is known to the majority of healers and doctors in Africa.
4136	“It shows the monumental inspiration that Tom is to so many of us out there.
4137	“It’s immaterial if the president or elected leaders listens to our prayers.
4138	It’s imperative that you prep your soil well.
4139	It’s just not the way we operate in America.”
4140	It’s just pure joy, and noise, and chaos, and fun.
4141	It's just so amazing to think that someone from Dubuque is playing in the Olympics, because I never thought it would happen.
4142	It’s just some bad science they’re using to cut the dredgers out, I believe.
4143	It’s just terrible governance.
4144	It’s just the little bit,” she said.
4145	“It’s kind of a relief knowing that we won conference.
4146	It’s led the EPA to add LaSalle park and beck’s lake to its list of Superfund sites, meaning a site contaminated with hazardous substances and pollutants.
4147	It’s likely to draw over 100 million viewers in the US alone but will also be viewed in 180 foreign countries in 25 different languages.
4148	It smacks of 2010 and 2011, and will instantly date â€œPsalm 23." If there's one thing I'd like to know, it's why Furler decided to employ the gimmick on the track.
4149	It’s more likely, however, that I’d be stunned into silence.
4150	It's not a matter of life and death, unless you're a salmon, and it's easier than swimming upstream.
4151	“It’s not an impossible path.
4152	It's not just Shakes the Clown that's scary.
4153	“It’s not like the old calendars were the shirts are off,” he said.
4154	It's not like we've got some Cadillac plan," Mayor Pope said.
4155	It's not like you can invite someone along to watch and see if you're jiggling correctly once you've finished your business.
4156	“It’s not quite running at full steam,” says Suri, adding, “it’s one of the top five restaurants in Prague, but it has the potential to go further.”
4157	“It’s not the ideal situation but neither was this building.
4158	It’s not trouble-free space but it surely is people compare them to help adding the machine.
4159	It’s now at 42 percent; that’s a huge gap over the next 10 or 15 years.”
4160	It’s obvious, however, that consideration did not include potential commercial growth on a portion of the land.
4161	“It’s one of the church’s main missions and it’s fantastic.”
4162	It’s our birthright.”
4163	Its plumes were beautiful, and at one point served as a huge airy feather on a hat I wore to a Halloween party, but it was a case of letting it become a monster and our having to move the house, or get rid of it.
4164	“It’s pretty inspiring,” AUS executive director Phil Currie said in an interview, referring to the video.
4165	“It’s primarily environmentally driven, but there are some efficiency gains as well,” Scott said.
4166	Its proponent, Huntington Beach lawyer Matt McLaughlin, wants to qualify the initiative for the statewide ballot in November 2016.
4167	“It’s quite inappropriate for a public institution to show, deliberately or not, preferential treatment to a government party just as an election is coming on.
4168	“It's really a matter of where you draw the line,” said Councilor Bob Harvey.
4169	It’s really not as clear-cut as ‘Hey, I identify with democrats; I’m going to vote all democrat on issues.’
4170	"It's really, really bad out there.
4171	It’s repeated after a special event, or when a print or online article draws attention to the work of your nonprofit.
4172	It's romantic, too.
4173	“Its schools and society are entering a period of huge budget and social pressures.
4174	"Its sinews and skeleton are mental exercises that prepare the way for a transformation of consciousness which is always a gift of God and a work of grace."
4175	It’s something Australian consumers, and their tempers, are all too familiar with.
4176	It’s song-driven music that holds up under the lens of solitary listening, but that’s equally apt to crank a room full of rockers into whiskey-fueled high gear.
4177	It stands waist high depicting a stern looking court judge and is appropriately enough, located at Albertonís historic courthouse and museum.
4178	It started in the West Bank, where Hamas fans marked the joyous occasion of their countrymen’s release from jail with some trademark Arab civility: Urging renewed terror attacks and the butchering of Jews.
4179	“It starts with myself and the coaches, but it's everybody.
4180	It states, “One of your friends added a photo of you,” and includes a link for the user to log into their account.
4181	It’s ten years since UK temperatures rose above 30C in September, when London experienced a high of 30.5C, but if the peak heat is above 31.6C, as it was at Gatwick on 2 September 1961, that will break the 55-year-high.
4182	It’s the biggest school fund-raiser of the year, and typically nets at least $3,000 for the general fund.
4183	It’s the bye week.
4184	It’s the church, the sports teams and the local organizations, and we all partner together to provide under-resourced students and families with what they need for the school year and a free day of fun.”
4185	It’s the first phase of the comprehensive Technologies component of the City Opera House Restoration Project, an $8.8 million phased redevelopment plan for a city-owned community cultural center in downtown Traverse City.
4186	“It’s the heart of downtown.”
4187	It's the most wonderful time of the year – back to school season.
4188	It’s the “Where did those 10 miles go?” sensation of realizing you’ve been driving apparently without paying attention to the road or yourself, said Stephen J. Morse, a professor of law and psychiatry at the University of Pennsylvania.
4189	It’s time for the Minister of Health to hear from us before a possible preventable incident happens in our riding.
4190	“It’s tough to start the training camp without one of your players.
4191	"It struck me as though it was a secret garden, full of potential," she said.
4192	It’s true that some genres don’t coexist as well as some others might.
4193	It's truly a special thing."
4194	It suggested that Trump alone was enough to reverse the bad times.
4195	It’s up to you what you wish to divulge.
4196	"It's very meaningful to an artist when you feel like you've accomplished certain levels and to be asked to be part of this before she's eligible, I think that's really special."
4197	It's very possible that exotic organisms exist on the planet.
4198	"It's with profound sadness that we are announcing that Rene Angelil, 73, died Jan. 14. USA TODAY Celine Dion and her husband Rene Angelil.
4199	It's worthy of our attention as students.
4200	It takes place in the year 1984 in Tokyo, where a young woman exits an emergency staircase on an elevated highway, just to enter a parallel universe where the very nature of reality is changed.
4201	It then takes that data a step further to offer targeted instruction aligned with goals, paced to students’ needs, and structured to give students control over their own educational journey.
4202	I TURNED 29 yesterday and as such deemed it essential to drink some bubbles and go out dancing to daggy nineties music with..
4203	It used to be the picture of a moose in sunglasses with the title ‘Canada is cool.’
4204	It used to be when you made a career decision to work for the government, you understood your wages were below the private sector.
4205	"It was a big win for our kids.
4206	It was also for the first time that, under the new law, persons who are kept in places of pretrial incarceration and restrained by criminal procedures or administrative coercion or punishment, took part in the voting.
4207	It was also gathered that Slok airline is not maintaining its aircraft which is only one.
4208	“It was always a big thing for us on Fridays.
4209	It was a problem that very much haunted Jorge Mario Bergoglio, the future Pope Francis, when he was the young provincial superior of Argentina’s Jesuits (1973-1979).
4210	"It was a question about Dukakis' values and emotions," she said later.
4211	It was a real watershed moment for independent filmmaking.
4212	It was a role that Nipe said she didn’t even realize she was on until the last couple of minutes.
4213	“It was a swim meet in Eaglehawk,” Verbeek said.
4214	"It was a temporary mission to send money home," says Martínez.
4215	It was a time when jazz wasn’t part of most University curriculums and it provided a showcase for aspiring young musicians.
4216	It was a very close-knit team.
4217	"It was a wonderful period of growth," she says.
4218	It was a world that the folk poets had constructed by blending together this world and the heavens.
4219	It was believed that the worlds of the living and dead overlapped at this time and that the deceased could come back and cause problems.
4220	It was built in 1830 and remodeled with board and batten sections in 1871.
4221	It was dangerous because it opened the door for every nut of every nationality and their hatred for the black community.
4222	It was during this time that he was strategically involved in the work of the accreditation agency, formerly known as SACS (Southern Association of Colleges and Schools).
4223	It was during those summer nights that they realized they had much more in common than their political leanings: New England roots, tight family bonds, and a love of folk music.
4224	It was felt that Nigeria deserved better and that the armed forces should be saved from corruption and professional decay.
4225	It was first tasted double blind, and the quality was verified from a second bottle.
4226	It was fun and exciting and everything I could have wanted it to be.
4227	“It was funny because he never really did that until then.
4228	“It was good to see that someone had written out a plan.
4229	It was great fun and also really beneficial.
4230	It was great to have Janet and Bob stop at the Center Friday morning for coffee.
4231	It was hard because, likeI said, Kriner’s is the kind of place you could sit at for hourswatching traffic go by and drinking cup after cup of coffee.
4232	It was hard for me to show them that I was a real artist that I actually made my own music.
4233	“It was hard to adopt at first, because it required completely changing the way I ate, changing the amount of sleep I got – stop drinking alcohol..
4234	“It (was) just a bunch of people in Hazmat suits with a pile of trash and a pile of recycling.”
4235	It was just a great all-around performance against Clear Creek."
4236	It was just what Boise State needed, and though the scrappy Spartans were never out of it, the Broncos did not trail.
4237	It was laid-back, elegant and livable.
4238	It was made illegal in 2004, two years after this speech, but ID was purposely constructed to be modified creationism since its inception (I'll note that Pence has made similar anti-evolution claims in the years since, too).
4239	It was much ballyhooed as a key part of state education reform.
4240	It was nice that it was just us two.
4241	It was not a rumor that there was a missing 2.8 billion naira under Obasanjo’s military regime.
4242	It was not that cold, it wasn’t really stiff yet.
4243	It wasn’t long before she wound up working in trust administration and estate planning, and it was only natural that she eventually made the switch from large, regional banks to smaller community banks.
4244	It wasn't thought particularly important, was rarely recorded officially or unofficially, and went uncelebrated throughout life—at least as we understand "celebrate" these days.
4245	"It was open today as of 8 a.m. this morning," fire information officer Ellie Dupont said Tuesday.
4246	It was probably the worst tennis environment that I have ever been a part of as player and coach in 15 years of college tennis.
4247	It was pure Islamic, their concept of “the solution”.
4248	It was said to be 20 times greater than the quake that hit Japan early Saturday.
4249	“It was seeing that difference in the kids that set the wheels in motion for me.”
4250	It was shocking to me because we were close friends.
4251	It was some time later when we bought our own engraver, but it required a photo to be the exact size.
4252	It was sponsored by Shaw’s Addition Crime Watch and Community Action Committee.
4253	"It was structured as a conversation, not a blame session," Brandt says.
4254	It was supposed to be clear that one was for day-to-day local policing, the other for serious armed conflicts.
4255	It was theatre of the mind on an industrial scale.
4256	It was the early 1950s, and he and a friend found a ’30s-something Plymouth they could buy for $30 or so.
4257	It was the people with attitudes like Sankay that voted Obama as the new president in the USA.
4258	It was tough to turn down the investment, Pacqué said, but it was the right move.
4259	It was twice as deadly as the infamous storm in May 1996 that killed eight Sherpas.
4260	It was very exciting because there is so much research in the halau, and we always try to find narratives that you don’t see on the Merrie Monarch stage.
4261	It was with genuine excitement she shared our children's triumphs and on bad days provided empathy and advice.
4262	It will also allow us to host more library events on-site at KHCPL Russiaville rather than using other Russiaville locations, as we’ve done in the past.”
4263	It will also lose 10 percent to 15 percent of its color over time.
4264	It will always be coated with one of at least three delicious things: Pikapeppa sauce, Jezebel sauce, or pepper jelly.”
4265	"It will be a return to the Arroyo days," the second Chinese source said, referring to the administration of former President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo (2001-2010), when fishermen from both countries had access to waters near Scarborough Shoal.
4266	It will be interesting to see how much Snowden really knows as time passes.
4267	It will be similar in look to that of the neighbouring Horizon Dental building, the Northern Savings Credit Union on Lazelle Ave., and the former Lutheran church on Park Ave. which was recently renovated into offices, Block said.
4268	★ It will help you if you don't care a damn about what they think about you.
4269	It will keep your mind, art and soul fresh and full of life.
4270	It will really benefit the citizens of this country and be a great hope for Myanmar's economic development," said Khin Maung Nyo, a Myanmar economist.
4271	It will return to Council for a public hearing on the 15th of July.
4272	It will take a lifetime of summoning up my courage to face you.
4273	It will take all of us working together to provide land, technology and education to grow the crops, reduce the human growth rate, and properly provide for an ever-more crowded planet.
4274	It will take an uprising of informed citizens to stand up and say ‘No, this is not the future we want for our children, for our environment,’ and to say ‘It’s OK to love your lawn.’
4275	It won nine Tony awards, including best actor in a musical for Z..
4276	It would be a tax representing the rent those who use the land owe the public.
4277	"It would be better if I was asked which part of my body had been left unharmed in the incident," he added.
4278	It would be “good for the country,” he argues, “because Cheney is a man of conviction, has a record on which he can be judged, and whatever the result, there could be no ambiguity about the will of the people.”
4279	It would be nearly 14 hours before I arrived at the finish in Mora.
4280	It would be pleasing to see him put out to grass soon.
4281	It would be the last time Farnham would be on the front line.
4282	It would be unbearable if that were the only thing I was focusing on.
4283	It wouldn't be upon me."
4284	It wouldn’t transform the world if Britain got rid of its nukes, but it would be a down-payment on what all the declared nuclear powers said they would do when they signed the NPT.
4285	"IU is no more or less safe than any other school.
4286	“I understand the facts and I understand the community is concerned — I knew this even before I took over the D.A.’s office.
4287	I urge a "no" vote on Prop. A. Proposition B wants to make it city policy to limit commercial activities and private events at Coit Tower, and to use funds from Coit Tower concession operations on the Coit Tower murals, building and Pioneer Park.
4288	“I used marijuana but I never tried cocaine or shabu (methamphetamine hydrochloride).
4289	"I've always admired great figures in history: Joan of Arc, Alexander the Great, Napoleon, to some extent Abraham Lincoln.
4290	"I've asked a lot of it the past few days and I'm just trying to get the inflammation back down and get ahead of it.
4291	I've been an advocate for good government.
4292	I’ve been involved as a community member for the local Forestry Public Advisory Group and the Fort Nelson Forestry Roundtable Committee.
4293	I've been jobless for over a year now despite being the varsity topper," he told TOI.
4294	"I've been shut down on that.
4295	I’ve been trying to open a new brewery for the past 13 years.
4296	“I’ve done things that people have on their bucket list or only dream of in their life and I’m, what, only 30 years old?
4297	I’ve got some seniors, and they’re leading a bunch of young kids.
4298	“I’ve had a lot of skeptics throughout this entire process, but we’ve far exceeded some people’s thoughts of where we would be,” Brick said.
4299	“I’ve had people tell me that I’ve saved their marriage and I’ve helped them get noticed at work,” Shore says.
4300	"I've heard indirectly that legislators were surprised to hear from a diversity of voices that they hadn't heard from in the past."
4301	I've learned so much from him.
4302	I've left behind views of the forest and the mountains; vistas of the Pacific Ocean have once more come into view but that's not where my attention is focused.
4303	I've lived in Portland for nine years and I've always been fascinated with the geology of an earthquake.
4304	I’ve long flown the circled 13, for I’ve long believed this nation has drifted far from the noble, righteous course set by the Founders.
4305	“I’ve only been able to park in the garage once since the first week of classes.
4306	I've promised myself that before I read a book, thus I've to google the author's background.
4307	I’ve repeated to them time and time again, life is short.
4308	Ivester says he expects simultaneous reduction of printer cost and expansion of printer capabilities.
4309	I've thought about her a lot, especially in context that upon seeing just the headline "body found not that of Morgan Harrington" my first feeling was relief- as if whoever it would turn out to be would somehow be worth less than Morgan.
4310	I’ve thought a lot about our initial meeting, which occurred at one o’clock on a Friday morning.
4311	I wait outside my tent for my wife Namita and daughter Teesta to get ready.
4312	I walked away feeling, well, not entirely sure what, but very happy to be feeling none the less.
4313	I want a future for myself and I want a future for my son and my unborn child," she said.
4314	“I wanted a job so I took the first opportunity that came my way,” Hennessy said.
4315	I wanted to expose myself to those conversations,” said Daniel Chrosniak, junior philosophy major.
4316	I wanted to know that before I voted for him.
4317	“I wanted to live that way,” said Ramirez, who came to the United States by way of Belize and Mexico.
4318	“I wanted to make an exhibit that focuses on experiencing bass instruments through as many different avenues as we could make that happen,” Warren said.
4319	“I wanted to pick a place where I wanted to be, not just have a store where I’m selling things,” she said, “but have a way to be in a community and to join a community, which I feel like I have here.”
4320	"I want everybody to have their power.
4321	“I want them to read my daughter’s name,” said Kent.
4322	“I want to create change,” Gajewski said.
4323	I want to encourage each of you with families to enjoy the moments and really spend time on each page, knowing once that page is turned it is gone forever and can only be remembered.
4324	I want to get your opinion on the matter, being a gas specialist for the Utility Consumers Action Network.
4325	I want to pay tribute to the work of the campaign.
4326	“I want to tell him that I am not interested in engaging in such a pathetic discourse.
4327	“I want to thank the other departments for helping,” Schnadenberg said.
4328	I want you to note carefully that the poor ratings in protection of the environment and in the use of sustainable resources in 2006 means that our ratings will be even lower next year.
4329	I was amazed at their skill, agility and boldness.
4330	‘I was aware of Prince and David Bowie, yeah,’ she says, ‘but I grew up in a house where I listened to acid jazz from when I was like, five, and Latin.
4331	"I was coming down Tezel, turning onto Culebra here, when I saw the bus driver kind of swerving into our lane.
4332	I was completely shocked to be given a $60 penalty fare for something I had not done and would not do.
4333	I was curious at first as it was addressed to me, using my first, middle and last name.
4334	I was embarrassed that I hadn't done a literature search on existing research regarding the impact of legalized gambling on communities.
4335	"I was expecting doom and gloom, and I'm actually feeling a little optimistic at this point," said Sen. Bill Wielechowski.
4336	I was fed up with the politics there and the takeover by unsavory members.
4337	“I was home-schooled all the way through high school,” Ward says, “and I had a very isolated, religious upbringing.
4338	I was hooked since the age of five.
4339	I was instructed on many occasions not to be eating the dog bread, but I can tell you the crust was mighty fine.
4340	I was known to be unemotional, the 'Ice Maiden,' but I was unemotional on the court because that worked for me.
4341	I was moderately confident that the sushi would travel well, but wanted to test whether the tempura preparation of the Crunchy Roll was up to the delivery process.
4342	“I was my own boss.
4343	“I wasn’t off to the best start.”
4344	I was on it for nine months.
4345	"I was pleased with our first half; we had good possession and had some quality chances, so at halftime we felt pretty good about where we were," commented Spartans coach Graham Roxburgh.
4346	I was privileged to be his coach for three seasons.
4347	“I was put in charge of looking after Mr. and Mrs. Gorbachev when they first came to the West, and of course he was then a Politburo member, but not the leader of the Soviet Union,” said Browne.
4348	“I was saddened to learn the news of the death of His Eminence Cardinal Laszlo Paskai, OFM,” the Pope said in an Aug. 18 letter, written in English and addressed to the current archbishop of Esztergom-Budapest, Cardinal Peter Erdo.
4349	I was so excited about how last year went; I could barely contain my excitement."
4350	“I was terrified of getting caught with these weapons,” he said.
4351	“I watch Jimmy Fallon sometimes,” said senior Danielle Dorman.
4352	“I welcome today's Supreme Court ruling that all Americans are now free to marry whom they love.
4353	“I went home at the end of the day because it was supposed to turn to rain but it wasn’t.
4354	I went to answer.
4355	I will be backing any plan that involves a gig venue that puts Croydon on the map – for good reasons rather than bad.
4356	I will be going to take eight days away because I feel exhausted after Udta Punjab releases.
4357	I will be the first to admit, I have trouble with numbers.
4358	I will give $100 reward for information about who has her.
4359	I will never, ever understand this.
4360	I will never forget how heavenly that moment was, and the unity we all showed in response to evil."
4361	"I will not stop this mission," the 18-year-old told the audience.
4362	I winced and looked at Ben.
4363	I wish I could take that kid home.”
4364	I wish, though, that I and my fellow countrymen – like that old man – would ask more questions, and expect more answers.
4365	I wish you had called out Mike DeArmond for his glamour shot photo that appears in The Star.
4366	I wish you the very best in your efforts.
4367	I woke up this morning, and I was feeling good.
4368	I wondered if I should just cut my losses and head home.
4369	I wondered if the wasted food pile was sprawling with doughnuts, cinnamon raisin bread, waffles, bacon, and cheddar biscuits.
4370	I wonder if you know that.
4371	I won’t guarantee that all issues raised will have a positive solution, however, I will put in all my effort and take the initiative to solve any problem that may arise, proving that actions do speak louder than words.
4372	"I would also like to ask North Cowichan to consider the potential harmful effects of diverting water from Richards Mountain for the cistern portion of this project.
4373	I would also like to thank KILR radio station for all their help in my fifteen years at ELC.
4374	I would favor not voting on bills until they have been on the floor with all amendments for 24 hours.
4375	“I would like to do outreach,” he said.
4376	I would like to say that the resistance is in trusted hands.
4377	I would like your permission to submit additional information for the record.
4378	I would not have stayed here as long as I have if I did not believe in what he was doing and the position he puts me in to be successful.
4379	I would n’t be too sure on that one AR.
4380	I wrote about this in a previous article (Vanishing minnows Asia Times Online, December 1, 2007).
4381	I wrote one of the songs in 2005.
4382	Jabba the Democrat won't work as a nickname for this congressman in a few more months.
4383	Jack Cosgrove dotted down with eight minutes left to give ’Muir the lead for the first time.
4384	Jack Cross posted at 9:21 am on Thu, Aug 11, 2016.
4385	Jacks end first home stand with loss Jacks end first home stand with loss The Odessa Jackalopes ended their first home stand of the year with a third straight loss to Lone Star.
4386	Jacob summarized his quest to find God.
4387	Jaguar has delivered some brilliant road cars in recent years.
4388	Jail Expansion remains one of the greatest hurdles facing Yellowstone County.
4389	Jamel Artis scored 27 points and head coach Kevin Stallings survived a season-opening scare in his Pittsburgh debut, beating Eastern Michigan 93-90 in double overtime Friday night.
4390	Jamelle Bouie: My theory of the case here is I think that Obama, as a person, represents for a nontrivial number of white Americans a sense of diversion from the political order, as they commonly understood it.
4391	James Bowers, currently an assistant principal at Aberdeen High School, will be moving out of the district.
4392	James Ervin Walter charged with four counts of aggravated assault, hit and run and drug counts.
4393	James Goforth to provide an accurate crime statistics report to the stakeholders.
4394	James had seven, Raaen and Schauer six-and-a-half each.
4395	James Orthwein: Heir to the Anheuser-Busch fortune as the great-grandson of its founder and third owner of the New England Patriots.
4396	Jamestown saw 5.5 inches of snow, Frewsburg saw 7 inches of snow, and Kennedy saw 5 inches — all inland locations.
4397	James Vanden Hogen also is liaison to the diocesan charismatic renewal center and master of ceremonies for the annual Bishop's Charities Game pre-game ceremonies.
4398	Jane Robinson, 74, of Oxford, Kan., formerly of Gravette, died Saturday, July 16, 2016, at her home.
4399	Janet attended schools in Anaconda and graduated from Anaconda High School.
4400	Janet Blackmon Morgan jblackmon@thesunnews.com Pelicans' Charcer Burks slides in at second base and takes third after the Salem Red Sox' Deiner Lopez misses the ball in the playoff game in Myrtle Beach on Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016.
4401	Jankovic does not know yet how the party will be named, but reckons there is enough time to found it.
4402	January 4, 2016 at 4:08 pm Yes!
4403	Janus has two faces, one to look backward into the past year, and forward into the New Year.
4404	Japan's economy has been stagnant since its property bubble burst in the late 1980s.
4405	Jared Halbrook, a 25-year-old from Wisconsin said that he was worried a stolen election by Hillary Clinton could lead to “another Revolutionary War”.
4406	Jarvis blames the Trump candidacy on the failure of the media to "inform the worldview of the petri dish that bred Trump: the angry, underemployed, conservative, white man."
4407	“Jason Richardson would get even with you, he could get bumped off.
4408	Javier first came up with the idea for HourScene about a year ago while working on another app called Mega Bite.
4409	Jaws dropped when Nowak performed the role of an ex-con who described a run-in he had had with fellow inmate Aaron McKinney, one of the perpetrators, in a prison cafeteria.
4410	Jean enjoyed her morning coffee, visiting with friends at Grandma’s Kitchen Cafe.
4411	Jeannette Zanipatin is an attorney for the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund, or MALDEF, which helped write the legislation.
4412	Jeff always did his homework and was well prepared for meetings of the county.
4413	Jeff Bash, watershed lead for the state Department of Ecology, gives this lecture.
4414	Jefferson’s Kendell Harris fouled out, while Mendoza and Beamer’s Kennedy and Jackson both finished the game with four.
4415	Jennings Park will be filled with more than 12,000 plastic eggs on March 26, from 10 a.m. to 11 a.m., for the city's annual egg hunt.
4416	Jennings will be welcomed at the 9:30 a.m. Aug. 14 Mass at St. Joseph Basilica, followed by a continental breakfast and reception in SJND's Notre Dame Hall.
4417	Jerry Lehl turns a hobby into a lifestyle Jerry Lehl's home is a museum for horseshoe art.
4418	Jerry Wilson Cuthbert retired on January 3, 1995.
4419	Jessie helped raise many nieces and nephews and they all considered her a wonderful mother.
4420	Jets add tight end Seferian-Jenkins Austin Seferian-Jenkins will get a second chance in the NFL — with the New York Jets.
4421	Jian Ghomeshi is facing four counts of sexual assault and one of overcoming resistance by choking.
4422	Jiang was removed from office because of suspected serious discipline violations in last September.
4423	Jim is a good looking guy — –he looks a lot like Nick Fury except for the eye patch, compact and strong looking, with a lively gleam in his eyes.
4424	Jim Mitchell; Emergency Management Coordinator Pinedale Online!
4425	Jim Murphy is a volunteer at New Roots and spoke in favor of the charter renewal.
4426	Jim took up with younger women from then on, and my sister-in-law remarked that this was called a "reaction formation."
4427	Joanna-Woodson Elementary School will have "Real Men Read" beginning at 8:30 am on Thursday.
4428	Jobbik has been accused by its political opponents and some Western press outlets of being a fascist party and anti-Semitic.
4429	Joe and his wife, Pat, have been married 47 years.
4430	Joe P.: Your car will have to become either less fuel efficient or suffer performance losses (or both) to be made “safe for the environment”.
4431	Joey Payeur, co-organizer of this year’s Terry Fox Run here, showed off one of the 2016 T-shirts that will be sold on site during Sunday’s event at the Sorting Gap Marina.
4432	JOHN BOEHNER, House Republican leader (R-Ohio): "These are very serious charges against a key supporter of President (Barack) Obama's bill to create a permanent Wall Street bailout fund.
4433	John DeCarvile’s recent letter to the DLN says it “doesn’t apply to current circumstances,” when obviously it does.
4434	John Koernor of Charlotte, and a director of the 52 Kids Foundation, joined Frank as he spoke to the middle school children.
4435	“Johnny Cash was a bit of a rocker and a bit of a rebel but it’s definitely not in my influences.
4436	John R. Wilber went to be with the Lord, September 7, 2015, in Franklin, North Carolina.
4437	Johnson also made a full-size Bengal tiger for the now defunct Obscura nightclub—which he delivered downtown in the back of a Ford Ranger.
4438	Johnson and Jackson were pleased to see him sleep through the night starting at 3 months old.
4439	Johnson and Putnam are the 10th and 11th defendants to be sentenced for crimes related to the promotion of the Genesis Fund.
4440	Johnson said he made numerous unsuccessful requests to meet Kinghorn.
4441	Join in the celebration of this San Jose neighborhood with live entertainment, games, food, resource booths and more.
4442	Join them every week as they discuss the Berkshires' most interesting and thought provoking news and analysis.
4443	Jointly organized by the Department of Social Affairs and partners.
4444	Join us at 7:15 p.m. at the club's meeting place, the Fort Myers Congregational Church of Christ, 8210 College Parkway.
4445	Join us for snacks, fellowship and a gospel centered lesson!
4446	Join us on: Facebook Twitter YouTube Drivers in Monticello will encounter occasional lane closures or shifts starting Monday, July 20th.
4447	Jolley was born and raised in Anchorage, living Outside only to attend Arizona State University and get his Bachelor of Science in Construction Management in 1999.
4448	Jolly is linking Crist with Trump, saying his Democratic challenger has had a 20-year relationship with the part-time Palm Beach resident and at one point called Trump "gracious, hospitable and good for Florida."
4449	Jonathan Cake, who plays Macbeth, extolled the method of portraying blood.
4450	Jones hopes the side can with without him at Stoneclough an build on last weekend's success, and said: “It has been a struggle for the team this year as well.
4451	Jones said this figure is inspired by St. Rose of Lima, who was also of mixed European and Native American heritage.
4452	Jones struck out Erick Aybar before walking ninth-place hitter Ender Inciarte intentionally.
4453	Jones was last seen running away heading into Fort Sam Houston National Cemetery until his capture.
4454	Jordan’s best result at the WAFC was runners-up in 2002 and 2008.
4455	Joseph evidently thought Mary had been unfaithful to him, and it was only the intervention of the angel that prevented this.
4456	Joseph Muhlenkamp is the latest recipient of the 3TV Silver Apple Award to recognize outstanding teachers.
4457	Joseph S. Liotta Airline Bookkeeper Joseph S. Liotta, a former Rockaway resident, died November 8. He was 72. Liotta, who grew up in Rockaway, was born on January 6, 1935 in Brooklyn.
4458	Joshua Stueve, a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's office in Alexandria, said one document used a photo of actress Laura Vandervoort on a fake passport.
4459	Joy and her husband Kenneth were in the cattle ranching business for quite a few years and were active members of the cattle ranching community in Ventura County.
4460	Joyce J. & Elizabeth Talford Scott Photographed at home, Baltimore Joyce Scott sits in the living room of the Baltimore home she and her mother, Elizabeth, have shared for 33 years.
4461	Joyce was a member of the Brown City United Methodist Church.
4462	Juan can often be spotted making disgruntled faces before, during and after area sporting events.
4463	Juan E. Gastelum is a journalism and reading teacher at Lourdes Catholic High School in Nogales.
4464	Judge Cook said a consecutive sentence was necessary because a year after Persley raped a stranger, he killed a man in a drug-related incident.
4465	“(Judges) call them up by their number and by their breed,” Kempf explained.
4466	Judge seeks to beat age limit, challenges fellow judge HOWELL, Mich. (AP) — A judge seeking to get around an age limit is challenging another judge for a seat on the Livingston County District Court.
4467	Judi’s sister Pam and Steve and Judi’s daughter Ashley and her new husband Kurt were there.
4468	Jukebox karaoke is a perfect place for families and friends.
4469	Julian Smith won a face-off and sent the puck to the league’s top scorer Juraj Huska, who took it behind the Devils goal.
4470	July 1, 2011 Correction officers at state prisons are working without support staff.
4471	July 6, 2016 Advertorial CLEANLINESS and great food – simple staples for diners – have been helping the Lounge Bar experience one of its best ever seasons – even though tourism is said to be on the floor.
4472	July 7—Lost Property, East McMillan Avenue, Newberry.
4473	Junior Danielle Griggs and senior Brie Lowrey won a few of their doubles matches and Lowrey won a singles match.
4474	Junior Nolan McConnell scored on a 5-meter penalty shot drawn by senior Dan Matulis.
4475	“Jürgen and I have worked together for 27 years, and I am always amazed by the energy, passion, speed and skill in his work, both in photography and film,” Claudia wrote.
4476	Just 36.3 percent of eligible voters cast votes — the worst turnout in 72 years, the New York Times reports.
4477	Just a few days ago it appeared that talks had broken down between Laurens-Marathon and Pocahontas on an athletic and partial-day academic sharing agreement.
4478	Just allowing a child to take band isn’t enough.
4479	Just as Park’s remarks about deploying THAAD provoked China, pulling out of the Rajin-Hasan project is expected to have considerable consequences for South Korea-Russia relations.
4480	Just as that new bloom indicated new life.
4481	"Just because I disagree with the LGBT lifestyle does not mean I hate them," said District 9 Councilwoman Elisa Chan, whose secretly recorded remarks on homosexuality sparked outrage in the LGBT community.
4482	Just "click" the banner above, and make a donation pledge.
4483	Just How Crazy Big Is The U.S. Economy?
4484	Justice is not an option from a faith perspective.
4485	Justice Wilcox found that arguments contained in the import risk assessment (IRA) were defective and, contrary to the expert panel's assessment, there was a substantial risk that exotic disease could enter Australia through the imported pig meat.
4486	Justin O'Brien/Room Magazine Keira has decorated her room with colorful, inspiring quotes from a wide variety of writers.
4487	Just let us know when you fix it.
4488	Just likes the attention of being mentioned.
4489	Just log in to the site or register if you are not registered user yet. April 8, 2009 wersja polska » The festival features a host of international performers whose music combines blues, rock and jazz sounds.
4490	Just over a week ago, he received his.
4491	Just thinking about it makes me want to go get some waffles and syrup and enjoy them right now.
4492	“Just watch how I would beat thosefools,” the President added.
4493	Kalyan Ghosh, Essar Steel Algoma president and CEO, has said dumped imports have "wreaked havoc" on North American steel markets.
4494	Kann is also responsible for much of the artwork and set design the audience will enjoy while watching the show.
4495	Kapata, also an MP in Zambia, was speaking in Gaborone at a meeting with the Botswana Parliamentary Caucus on Women.
4496	Karina and Rene Sanchez announced the birth of their daughter Julieta Rose Sanchez on Oct. 17 – 6 pounds, 8 ounces and 20 inches long.
4497	Katherine Jones kjones@idahostatesman.com Boise jewelry artist Melissa Osgood’s “Pebble Rings” in oxidized sterling silver ($48).
4498	Katie Robinson’s “head-banging druggie” comment continue to grow, with no signs of stopping.
4499	Kay Hagan of North Carolina, for example, has been hit by a flood of ads slamming her support for Obamacare.
4500	Kay kon sa katapustapusan hearsay la adto ug waray basehan nga mga alegasyon, it would be an advantage on her part.
4501	Keegan Matthew, Brandon Lesko and Nick Shumlanski also found the back of the net for the Bombers.
4502	Keeley, the former US ambassador to Greece, urged the international community to play a significant role in the peace process.
4503	Keen to pass his love of art on to the next generation, Juma runs workshops with children both here and in Cape Town’s outlying shanty township of Khayelitsha (where he also leads tours).
4504	Keeping information from the public should never be an issue in any deal involving taxpayers’ money.
4505	Keep listening… Local films in the cinema, yes?
4506	Keetch had said about 200 officers were involved in the investigation and more than 200 witnesses were interviewed.
4507	Kellam Throgmorton, a second-year graduate student studying anthropology, spoke to the congress about supporting graduate students in their effort to reverse the administration’s decision to only give incoming students the increase in stipends.
4508	Kelsey is the little rich kid everyone would love to slap.
4509	Kelsi Turner writes essays, children’s books, YA novels and thank you notes.
4510	Kemp continues to undertake consulting work for BILD (The British Institute of Learning Disability) and is a Senior Assessor on their Accreditation Scheme.
4511	Kendall Melton (formerly of Contigo) starts the day with breakfast pastries such as croissants, scones, muffins, and cinnamon rolls that can be enjoyed with a full complement of coffee drinks made from the house special Bootleg Coffee blend.
4512	Kennedy added the council was looking forward to working with the school board.
4513	Kent MacIntyre of Saint John Waterfront Development tells CHSJ News says the development could produce up to a million dollars a year in property tax.
4514	Keyed by 32-yard run by quarterback Travis Wilson on a third and one, Utah found themselves with a first and goal at the Sun Devil eight.
4515	Khalil Mack’s five sacks key Raiders’ upset win over Broncos And what has gotten into Seattle receiver Doug Baldwin?
4516	K., have a good day!”
4517	Kickoffs and punts were hard to evaluate because none of those plays were 11 on 11. PERSONNEL: Former Penn State players in the NFL Jordan Norwood (wide receiver, Broncos) and Navorro Bowman (linebacker,49ers) were given pregame introductions.
4518	Kids can watch their pizzzas being made or color in their menus.
4519	Kid’s no tough guy.
4520	Kilgore Snowhill Festival is free admission, however, those attending are encouraged to shop at the Marketplace, bring money for food and refreshments, and there is a charge to climb the Rockwall of $5.00 for two climb attempts.
4521	Kim Albright, PTA volunteer at Egan Junior High School, said that as parents try to meet the rules while preserving flavor, “it’s really about what the students will eat.
4522	Kimberly P. Mitchell DFP Lavert Hill also reportedly had scholarship offers from Clemson, Georgia, Miami (Fla.
4523	Kimley-Horn has been working with Santa Monica on a survey “to review and update speed limits along 200 street segments in the City,” staff said.
4524	Kim “Possible” Jarchow was our 19-year-old rookie, on her first nationals team.
4525	Kinglee faces a maximum statutory penalty of 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
4526	King pauses to gaze fondly at the worn and scuffed skates lying on the floor of his office, like a man ogling a Norman Rockwell painting.
4527	Kinkade Co. owns the exclusive rights to publish and license art created or inspired by Kinkade, who died in 2012.
4528	Kira Harvey, of Bickleton won her first 200 meter race of the year and she edged Putnam in the pole vault.
4529	Kirschenbaum focused on the accomplishments the executive board has completed throughout the year.
4530	Kitchen 7' 11" x 6' 10" ( 2.41m x 2.08m ) Range of matching wall and base level units with roll top work surfaces, single sink and drainer unit, built-in gas oven and hob with extractor fan over.
4531	Knockaert starts for Albion and Villa bring in Agbonlahor Anthony Knockaert is back in the Albion line-up as they take on… Albert loves the Amex - so will he be the Villain against Albion?
4532	Knowing the credibility of the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Posusta decided to get its recommendation.
4533	Know what must happen, and do that first.
4534	Knox isn’t the only school to face investigations by the agency.
4535	Komisarjevsky's team is charged with something entirely different: try to throw cold water on the prosecution's premise that their client was essentially the mastermind of the crime and just as responsible for the death of the three women's as Hayes.
4536	Kookaburra introduced “three or four strengthening procedures for the leather’’ in its latest batch of red balls and the early indications were good.
4537	Kotzeva said that there are about 50 families who participate in the program, many of whom are staff members at UI or part of the retired community, and who host up to seven students at a time.
4538	Kreitz, Stengel to receive Master Artist awards The Five Wings Arts Council (FWAC) recently announced the selection of Jeff Kreitz, a sculptor from Breezy Point, and Doris Stengel, a poet from..
4539	Kristen Bell's baby girl, Lincoln Bell Shepard, is still very, very new to the world, but she's already taking after dad Dax Shepard.
4540	Kristie Lu Stout started her career in journalism in San Francisco at Wired magazine's online division.
4541	Krout beat the throw to first to allow Hickey to score.
4542	Kulongiski's definitely got a big head start if he wants it again.
4543	Kurtz then held off Masters with an exemplary ride to level the scores going into the last five races.
4544	Kuschel-Ross won the Western Canadian championship on the rings while adding a silver medal on the parallel bars and a bronze on the pommel horse.
4545	Kwantlen’s appliance servicing program a promising career choice Gap of qualified tradespeople forecasted in the next five to 10 years.
4546	Kylie donated her bone marrow to her brother twice.
4547	Labor markets have made extreme adjustments during this recession, and we have made corresponding adjustments to our cost structure.
4548	Labyrinths, winding passages, and garden mazes appear in many of Borges stories.
4549	Lacing his tryout with the beatboxing he learned from his love of hip-hop, Simmonds earned a gold ticket to Toronto.
4550	Ladies, tonight is your night!
4551	Lady Jays fall to Felicity in Pepsi Classic Your email address will not be published.
4552	Lael married William A. Full Story Larry E. Davis, 77, of North Branch, died Sept. 28, 2016 at his home.
4553	Laesch noted many accidents have occurred on that stretch of Highway 1. Most involved a vehicle rear-ending another vehicle or a driver turning into the path of another driver.
4554	LAKE CITY — Eugene Paul Pitts, of Lake City, passed away July 4, 2015, at his home.
4555	"Lake many European cities, our urban core is linear and condensed.
4556	Lakers adjusting without center Bynum The 7-foot center collapsed in a heap of audible pain, writhing on the floor and clutching his right knee at the Memphis Grizzlies game.
4557	Lake Washington High School is located at 12033 NE 80th St. in Kirkland.
4558	Langhamer’s life experiences have been put onto canvas.
4559	La Playa Heritage subscribermember 5pts It's doubtful she would have stayed anyway.
4560	Laptops vs iPads By Jamey Tucker, Technology Reporter After lugging around my laptop in a backpack for 3 years I figure there has to be a better way.
4561	Large black crappies nearly disappeared in the 1980s.
4562	Large fractures in earth seeped bitumen at one of four well sites operated by CNRL near Cold Lake, Alberta.
4563	Larger, more elaborate projects - like a kitchen remodel - may require a consultation, which could carry a cost if more is involved than a remodeler talking to you by phone, visiting and then offering suggestions based on the visit.
4564	Larkin will take on the marketing, sales and financial aspect of the business while Marchand will deal with the operations and quality control end.
4565	Larned advances into Friday’s 6 p.m. winners bracket final.
4566	Larry Basmayor, the president of the Board of Directors of Casureco II, who was perceived to be negative with this proposal before, was in fact very supportive when asked during his interview with GNN TV sometime in May.
4567	Lars Anderson, Stella’s Macon attorney, declined to comment on the facts of the case.
4568	Last edited: 3:11pm Tue 20 Oct 15 I never need an excuse to eat Chocolate, i can taste it before i even paid for it, Love it.
4569	Last fiscal, the turnover was around Rs 875 crore in the state," said an official.
4570	Last month Human Rights Watch, a New York-based lobby, criticised Lebanon’s security forces for abusing vulnerable people in custody, including gays and lesbians.
4571	Last night the Council was briefed in a closed-door session by Chef de Cabinet Susana Malcorra and Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations Hervé Ladsous on the latest developments in eastern DRC.
4572	Last season's Gatorade Mississippi High School Player of the Year Rodney Hood was one rebound short of a double-double with 12 points and nine rebounds but missed four of six shots from beyond the three-point arc.
4573	Last summer, Martinez asked the FBI to investigate whether the Susana2010 emails were stolen, leading to Estrada's indictment last week.
4574	Last Updated on Thursday, 13 December 2007 14:50 Advertising inquiry 24-hours a day.
4575	Last Updated: Tue, 22 Nov 2016 7am DPP to check custody death file 2 Chinese hurt in attempted robbery Published: Monday, 24 March 2014 12:41 Netball Fiji will announce its squad to prepare for upcoming international matches.
4576	Last week, he was considered close to finalizing a contract with the Atlanta Braves, but the deal didn't get done.
4577	Last week, leaders met again for a ribbon-cutting ceremony, celebrating the completion of a road leading from one of Franklin County’s main thoroughfares to an industrial site featuring a 30,900-square-foot spec building — but not much else.
4578	Last week's chart-topper, "18 Months" by Scottish producer and singer Calvin Harris dropped to fourth, with Military Wives, a choir made up of the partners of British military personnel, new in fifth with "Stronger Together."
4579	Last week, the story reached a new low.
4580	Last week, Wanda Commercial’s plan to delist from the Hong Kong stock exchange was approved by shareholders at a meeting in Beijing.
4581	“Last week we barely had a good day against Ball State,” McCullough said.
4582	Last winter a friend helped dig out my car after I got stuck in the yard.
4583	Last year he claimed he liked “everything about filming except the acting” and often refers to his job as a “miserable experience”.
4584	"Last year, I wasn't able to actually play in the game and this year, being on first, it was awesome.
4585	Last year's event placed a full bag of groceries on each of the 750 seats inside the main theater of the Latchis and raised more than $2,000.
4586	“Last year, we had Scott McClanahan, who would sing and get members of the audience to get up and dance with him.
4587	Later, having discovered her husband, presented him to her parent for approval, though belated.
4588	Later, he and Korrine built a new home in the Mountain View area and they raised cattle, put up hay and all that goes along with a small farm.
4589	Later, I found out that an hour and a half before the ceremony, the already decorated Arbor blew over and broke.
4590	Later in fall, if you fear your feeder may freeze, fill only halfway to allow for ice formation, or bring in after dark and place back outside before first light.
4591	Later that day, Rose went to a second clinic in downtown Los Angeles where the manager told her that she knew what Rose was going through - that she had gotten pregnant at 17 and had the baby, a son who was then 16 years old.
4592	Later, they moved to south China.
4593	Late run pushes Bigelow past Decatur COAL HILL -- Bigelow sophomore Justin Testerman stopped Decatur cold Thursday.
4594	Later, when Hogg is injured trying to reach the British consulate, Hansheng arranges for him to go to a safe haven near the city of Huang Shi to convalesce with the help of Chen’s friend Lee Pearson (Radha Mitchell), an Australian nurse.
4595	Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Local educator says teaching three-year-olds to read is key to success in school WEALTH MATTERS: Debunking common robo advisor myths OSHAWA -- Mike Johnston, managing editor Durham Region Media Group.
4596	Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Save room for dessert at Aberfoyle Mill Restaurant Treat your significant other to a night of relaxing spa treatments Email is required.
4597	Latest news Most popular Opinion Podcast City Talk As social media platforms get better at monetising, what should marketers expect?
4598	Lauralee was born June 18, 1931, the daughter of William and Gladys (Markham) Reish, and was a longtime member of St. Matthew Lutheran Church.
4599	Laura Sandoval and Israel Silva announce the birth of their daughter, Angelyque Silva Sandoval.
4600	Laura Sturrock won financial employee of the year.
4601	Laura - Thank you for reading and commenting!
4602	Laurel Clark, 41, a commander (captain-select) in the US Navy and a naval flight surgeon, was Mission Specialist 4 on what was her first shuttle mission.
4603	La Verne officials paid the fee because the other option was being forced to pay 10percent in penalties, Russi said.
4604	Lavina entered the spirit world Dec. More..
4605	Lawless behavior will not be tolerated."
4606	Lawmakers have a few in the justice category, such as lack of headway for a bill requiring police to record interrogations of felony suspects.
4607	Lawrence was a success.
4608	Laws are not nit-picky rules that “The Man” makes to inconvenience you.
4609	Laws are not set to define the actions and beliefs of the nation, rather they establish the most primal of behaviors which we as a society dictate as a minimum for our society to function.
4610	Lawyer Irene Bonello had been interviewed for the post and had been marked positively by two of the three members of the interviewing board, but was not given the post after the board's chairperson had overruled the other two members.
4611	Lawyers also argued that Prosser inproperly stored his wine collection, damaging its value.
4612	Laying on the sofa and going through my DVR choices, I decided to check out two shows, both of which I’ve enjoyed in past episodes but hadn’t been able to watch during the season.
4613	LCHD is one of 10 local health departments from 10 states to receive this funding through the Accreditation Support Initiative (ASI).
4614	Leaders must alert employees to potential accident risks I once knew a supervisor in the coal mine whose right thumb was missing.
4615	Leading on from the garden, the extensive land within the property's curtilage encompasses approximately 20 acres in total and includes a hay field, area of woodland and valley stream too.
4616	Learning has shifted from the handwritten notes and memorization to interactivity.
4617	Learn more at www.michigan.gov /stateparks.
4618	Learn more I am a mother to a foster child currently at HS in 11th grade.
4619	Leave a comment with your best guess.
4620	Leaving high school, Landrum comments that he’ll miss “all the “one of a kind” people here at CKS.”
4621	Ledbetter was preceded in death by her parents and her husband.
4622	Led by practiced musicians, the choir meets each Monday evening.
4623	Led Zeppelin, the Who, Black Sabbath, the Kinks, ELO, Rod Stewart, Bad Company, Oasis, Super Tramp (and the Sex Pistols whom Phil said “weren’t such a bad lot.
4624	Legendary Sheriff Carl Black was challenged in his re-election bid by Leroy Broadus.
4625	Legge credits the increase in ability to the Whistler Secondary School's hockey academy.
4626	Leicester maintained a perfect record in Group G in their first foray in Europe’s elite club competition by edging FC Copenhagen 1-0 at the King Power Stadium on Tuesday with Mahrez getting the only goal of the game.
4627	Leland Butch Sealock, 73, Traer, died Dec. 20 at his home.
4628	Lena Mannino made it to the semi-finals with wins over Hardin Jefferson, West Orange Stark and Jasper.
4629	Leonard proved a game fighter, though, but a little weak in the wind pipes due to a lack of training.
4630	L-E, Pleasant Grove and Atlanta will all be competing in District 14-4A in other sports (boys and girls).
4631	LE: Regret is the most futile of human emotions.
4632	Leslie keeps us safe while exercising: Her expertise is in sports physiology.
4633	Less trade, migration and investment with its major market, the EU, would be unequivocally bad for the UK’s long-term potential growth rate.
4634	Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Can Andrew Miller tame the Cubs offense?
4635	Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Novi-Northville upcoming events There's plenty on tap going on in the community A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
4636	Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest The world's 25 longest airline routes OAG provided Today in the Sky with the world’s 25 longest regularly scheduled flights.
4637	Let's compare film."
4638	“Let’s face it, what they’re asking for now is a huge laundry list of things unrelated to the debt.”
4639	Let’s follow the money!
4640	Let’s get megapixels out of the way first.
4641	Let's see how pretty you are.
4642	Let’s talk about the poverty rate.
4643	LETTER TO THE EDITOR: Graduating after surviving breast cancer as a student I'm blessed that I found out about it early, and didn't allow cancer to break me.
4644	Let that sink in: for all but one of the players Benning has signed, traded for, or claimed, their previous team was better at puck possession when they weren’t on the ice.
4645	Lewis has hosted other film festivals since 1999.
4646	LG Chem. is currently supplying its lithium-ion batteries to GM’s strategic Volt EVs.
4647	L’Hommedieu became the first IU women’s soccer player to be given two weekly awards by the Big Ten on Aug. 30, when she took home both defensive player of the week and freshman player of the week honors.
4648	Libby Stone is still at Mayo Clinic and Helen Edwards is at St. John's Hospital in Leavenworth with pneumonia.
4649	Life has a different quality, even if one can’t walk or if one can’t do other things.
4650	• Life is full of change and children with FASD have difficulties coping with change.
4651	Lifespan varies according to original quality, use and whether or not the kids jump on the bed, but a seven-year-old mattress is likely not doing you any favors.
4652	Lifeteam ambulance responded and transported the child to East Liverpool City Hospital, from where he was later flown to Children’s Hospital in Pittsburgh.
4653	Life term for IS-inspired Tube attacker Muhiddin Mire A man who attacked Tube passengers with a knife in east London and tried to behead one of them, is jailed for life.
4654	Light It Up Blue for autism April 2 Join Autism Speaks in celebrating World Autism Awareness Day on April 2 and “Light It Up Blue” to help shine a light on autism.
4655	“Like any community that we move into, we look for an area that’s going to be a good fit for us,” Jones said.
4656	Like any highway, it encompasses a shoulder and everything else.
4657	Like Bell, Johnson is extremely versatile.
4658	Like Chamberlain, Danner was having a mental break when NYPD Sgt. Hugh Barry shot her after she allegedly swung a bat at him.
4659	"Like each of my brother seminarians, the Lord has been working with me for a very long time indeed.
4660	Like I said Matt Asiata stepped up to that today, and the offensive line.
4661	. like just a really purposeful vibe?
4662	Like lyrically, but this is also a new challenge sonically.
4663	Likely voters with annual family incomes of $30,000 to $75,000 in Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin back Clinton over Trump, 46 percent to 39 percent, the latest Purple Slice online poll for Bloomberg Politics shows.
4664	Like many, I have a love/hate relationship with Sepulveda Boulevard.
4665	Like many regional Native corporations, Sealaska’s finances are like a three-legged stool.
4666	Like Marietta itself, the town square exists somewhere in the Turner Classic Movies zone between agrarian and urban America – a little like Bedford Falls in It’s a Wonderful Life.
4667	Like other fathers before and children have fished the bridge.
4668	Like psychic vultures sensing imminent putrefaction, Republicans amplified their pontificating protestations to a high- pitched squeal; piercing enough to annoy canines all across this great Northern Hemisphere of ours.
4669	Like Scott he had moved to Terrace 3 years before and had become involved in Terrace politics when he was asked to help resolve the Tourism fiasco with the Terrace Tourism Society.
4670	Like the Chunnel you can start at both ends.
4671	“Like they say, giving it back.”
4672	Like this is just another day in the office and you’re just doing it just to do it.”
4673	Likewise, Alyssa Selmer, a Cornell Spanish professor, had her own life changing experience studying abroad.
4674	Like Wright, Wagner has a background in space operations.
4675	Lim had proposed four or five amendments in the new rules but the body deferred discussion of the measures since he was not around.
4676	Linda Carmichael, 39, of Tallant Terrace, appeared at Dumbarton Sheriff Court last Tuesday and admitted stealing a pressure washer, an iron, bedding and a quantity of air fresheners from Wilkos Stores, Sylvania Way, Clydebank, on May 21 this year.
4677	Lindsey said she used constant repetition and a lot of patience.
4678	Lines of eager folks from Durango, Montrose, Grand Junction and, of course, Ouray County tasted their way around the community center and voted for their favorites of the evening.
4679	Lions notes: Offensive success traced directly to Jim Bob Cooter Lions notes: Offensive success traced directly to Jim Bob CooterWith top two running backs out, as well as top pass-catching tight end, Cooter has made offense work by hook or crook.
4680	“Liquid Factory is not just a new way of making things, it’s a new speed of making things.”
4681	Lisa Senafe still owns a majority of the company, and another investor has a small stake, Giovanni said.
4682	Lissette Nesloney juggles her Blue Bell Ice Cream and a television microphone in front H-E-B freezers Monday, Aug. 31, 2015, in Brenham.
4683	Listen to a British-born wine merchant turned chicken farmer who holds the Rugby record for bankruptcies, as well as singing for entertainment.
4684	"Literally one African-American respondent in the survey said they were supporting Trump," Brewer said.
4685	Litter is like a magnet; once some litter gathers in an area, more is likely to build up.
4686	"Little by little, by continuing to eat honey the older bees have prepared, the little nymphs take on wings and grow strong so that later they fly all over the country in search of food."
4687	Live Free or Die: Tony and Amelia are buzzing Live Free or Die – Amelia was brought up with an unconventional lifestyle Tonight on Live Free or Die, Tony and Amelia get to grips with their bees whilst Thorn and Tobias sort out camp.
4688	Liverpool is just 11miles via the M53 and Wallasey Tunnel, while Birkenhead and Chester are even closer at just 8miles.
4689	Livingston’s Gonzalez books trip to Sac-Joaquin Section Masters golf slynch@mercedsunstar.comOctober 26, 2016 Los Banos' Morgan Pimentel attempts a birdie try on 17. Pimentel shot a 91, just missing a trip to Masters.
4690	LJM top negotiator, Tadjadine Beshir Niam, has confirmed that “the Liberation and Justice Movement will sign a peace agreement with the government on Thursday 14 July”.
4691	Local businesses learn about consumer rights The Office of Consumer Protection Board (ONCB) held a seminar at the Empress Convention Center on July 23, 2014 to educate local businesses on consumer rights and consumer protection.
4692	Local CCHD grant applications are available through the diocesan Office for Social Concerns.
4693	Local dentist gets to the root of the problem 5 ways for business owners to understand the competition A small business owner’s guide to new payment technology A tire for all seasons?
4694	Local educational agencies are awarded the Advanced Placement Test Fee Program funds.
4695	Local elementary, middle, and high school children can participate in the Backpack Program and receive a bag of food on Fridays at their school for consumption over the weekend.
4696	Local farms offer produce to weekenders as well as to restaurants in the District and elsewhere.
4697	Local news, discussion, community photos, videos, restaurants, real estate & more Browse more Haddonfield photos » Search local New Jersey classifieds ads Search local jobs in New Jersey and the NYC-metro area.
4698	Local politicians and clergy have described the unionist attacks as part of a campaign to drive Catholics out of the street.
4699	Locals are the ones who refine it and sell it on and they’re benefiting from it because they don’t really have any other economic opportunities right now.
4700	Local settlement is a second option but is not as easy as it sounds.
4701	Located on Parkside Drive off M26, Twin Lakes Resort is nestled beneath towering oak and maple trees, with plenty of sandy beach for swimming and sun bathing.
4702	Located right at the base of the Seattle Space Needle is a museum which houses his extravagant glass work.
4703	Loewer lost friends who died when another plane smashed in to the Pentagon.
4704	Logan will be breaking in a new quarterback following the graduation of Horsley, and as last year showed, Horsley will be a tough act to follow.
4705	Lois Leach, a 56-year-old clerk in the Cherokee Nation roads department, logged more than 100 volunteer hours the past year translating computer terms that did not exist when the Cherokee language was developed.
4706	LOL It showed today that Southampton had superior skills to us and with us playing a defensive game, which I felt might be the saving of us, we haven't the players to keep the 'class acts' out.
4707	London, by contrast, is “where people go to parties to have fun.”
4708	Long after Jim Rokosch had left office the first and only public hearing, review and approval of the subdivision took place in July of 2011.
4709	Long before Prem Ratan Dhan Payo, Rajshri made some beautiful movies.
4710	Longitudinal studies have found that adolescents who experiment actually have a healthier adjustment into adulthood then those who abstain completely.
4711	Long nights in the computer lab is what it took for senior computer science majors David Farrow and Brett Jones to complete their video game programming projects.
4712	Lonnie told Gumbel that the world still needed Muhammad Ali.
4713	Look at government to see proof of this.
4714	Look, I am for local control as much as anyone else but to a point..
4715	Looking at the current economy, 32 per cent said the economy was either "very good" or "quite good", compared to 25 per cent who said it was either "very bad" or "quite bad".
4716	Lord Bilimoria to Head UK Council for International Student Affairs NRI entrepreneur Lord Karan Bilimoria has been appointed as the President of the UK Council for International Student Affairs (UKCISA).
4717	Lord Heseltine denies strangling his mother's dog Former deputy prime minister Lord Heseltine has denied killing his mother’s dog.
4718	Lorelai (Lauren Graham, left) and Rory (Alexis Bledel) will return to Luke’s (Scott Patterson) diner in “Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life.”
4719	Los Angeles (2-6) hosts Houston in an opener on Wednesday.
4720	LOS ANGELES -- Matt Moore came within an out of recording his first no-hitter and the San Francisco Giants beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 4-0 Thursday night at Dodger Stadium.
4721	Losing the first round didn’t make it any easier, Cooke added.
4722	Lots of maternal love makes children form a secure bond with their mothers, meaning they are able to feel secure in relationships when grown up, will have better social skills and cope better with life's difficulties, the study found.
4723	Loubani and Greyson said they believed charges against them were imminent.
4724	Louis says “we’re completely blown away by the amount and variety of offers.
4725	Lounge at your private cabana, take a dip in the crystal clear infinity pool or veg out on your suite's private deck.
4726	Lounging on the deck, drink in hand, enjoying a cool breeze on an otherwise warm August day in the north Okanagan, it should have been easy to let our imaginations run wild.
4727	Lovelace taught the first grade in Plaquemine for more than 20 years.
4728	Love the building.
4729	Love will be leading two mini-retreats for women on St. Pope John Paul's famous Letter to Women.
4730	Loving led by as much as five points in the middle of the set before Tularosa slowly chipped away.
4731	Lowman had a total of six receptions and 54 yards with and average of nine yards per catch.
4732	LSU head football coach Les Miles had an interesting first week of summer practice as his reinstatement of Jeremy Hill brought national scrutiny.
4733	Lt. Robert Boardman, the highest ranking Kern County park ranger, said there have been three racially motivated incidents at Hart Park within the past few weeks, and two of them have resulted in felony arrests for alleged hate crime violations.
4734	Lt. Wayne Redden said he's never seen anything like it.
4735	"Luckily, our shots were falling today," Purvis said.
4736	Luckily, someone came to his rescue just in time. 1 of 10 'Sweet, friendly' puppy found with mouth duct-taped finds new home He spent a few days recovering, but the dog is with a new family and on his way to a life of luxury.
4737	"Luck is believing you're lucky."
4738	Luke helped his father with that enterprise, and in his other businesses.
4739	“Luke threw three innings and pitched well,” said Garry Smith, Post 287’s head coach.
4740	Luke Willson, Bradley Sowell, Germain Ifedi and C.J. Prosise have also missed games due to injury.
4741	Luloff cautioned that higher expenses in the second half of the 2014-2015 fiscal year and lower Medicare reimbursements will mean small net gains, but she's still confident Winneshiek Medical Center will meet its budget goals.
4742	Lured by the prospect of a steal, would-be entrepreneurs have been joined in the bidding by companies interested in expanding through strategic acquisitions and private equity groups like SeaFort seeking solid “old economy” assets.
4743	Mabel was the grandmother of eight and great-grandmother of one.
4744	Macklemore and Ryan Lewis return with "Downtown," a single about mopeds.
4745	Mac Worthington, Genius In Aluminum The artist grinds, polishes, cuts, spins and welds aluminum, and he does it with finesse and exactitude Aluminum sculpture by the artist Mac Worthington continues to dance with a unique and upbeat light.
4746	MADISON TOWNSHIP, Ohio -- Family members of the teen accused of opening fire and injuring four students at Madison Jr./Sr.
4747	Magazine about achieving happiness that lasts.
4748	Magdalena and Maria are first baseman and catcher respectively with a playing experience in Canada and honestly they can add some steam to the team making its first attempt at the world stage.
4749	Maggie Hart led with eight kills and Peyton Thacker contributed three solo blocks.
4750	"Magnetic Islanders' enthusiasm for the project could not have been better," Mr Chisholm said.
4751	Mahmoud Said was born in 1897 in Alexandria.
4752	Main roads to the affected areas were closed, some impassable due to large boulders falling to the ground in the rocky, mountainous terrain.
4753	Major lifestyle adjustments have affected George Watters and his wife, P.J., since April 2013, when they first learned he had early symptoms of Alzheimer’s disease.
4754	Make note of the phrase "Embrace Your Inner Memphis" — that's exactly what the artist does in "Spectacular Vernacular," currently showing at the Memphis Slim House.
4755	Make plans to see a show, catch an art exhibit, or just laugh your ass off at Joe Edwards' new spot Delmar Hall — and none of it will set you back more than an Andrew Jackson.
4756	Make sure his or her heart is safe, and ask for an ECG.
4757	Make sure to bring the kids.
4758	Making matters even more complicated is the fact that IS, the declared enemy-number-one of international efforts, is receding from the focus of two major foreign actors in Syria.
4759	Makomo is 60 percent owned by a group of Zimbabweans, while British and South African investors hold the rest.
4760	Malaysia Airlines’ Boeing 777-200ER that disappeared from air traffic control screens.
4761	Management of the parkade and costs to park there are not yet known, neither has the company ironed out what its new medical building will contain.
4762	Manager: A lobster is an excellent choice.
4763	Managing agents are Streddar Pearce Private lift and maintenance cover from 18.02.2015 to 17.02.2016 £337.40 Sovereign Harbour Charge for 2016 to be advised.
4764	Man charged in school break-ins The Boone County sheriff’s office arrested a 20-yearold man Monday in connection with two burglaries of Bergman Public Schools.
4765	Mancuso specializes in intuitive, low-lit jazz vocalizations, and he plays regularly at local restaurants and bars with a few instrumental configurations.
4766	Man Is Shot, Cherry Ave. Just North of PCH LBREPORT.com is reader and advertiser supported.
4767	Manmohan Singh addresses the media on board his aircraft while returning from Washington on Sunday.
4768	Manning also described the incident in the book he wrote with his father and co-author John Underwood.
4769	@mansoor Bangladeshis, who speak Bengali, stay far from West Bengal, Indian Bengalis, reason dont know, which I had seen in New York, but they prefer to talk in fluent Hindi, with other Indians, who speak Hindi.
4770	• Manual can opener if kit contains canned food.
4771	Manuel Lopez was shot and killed outside his Mesquite apartment in May 2015.
4772	Many are voters who normally support third-party candidates, but who signed on to Bernie’s campaign because of its distance from the Democratic establishment.
4773	Manyata’s Item Number To Be In ‘Gangaajal’s Re-Release Last Updated: 2010-08-12T17:03:17+05:30 Manyata, a budding starlet in Bollywood suddenly rose to fame with her hush hush marriage to Industry biggie Sanjay Dutt.
4774	Many financial firms emphasise the convenience of biometrics, but USAA is one of the few that highlights the effectiveness of these technologies at thwarting thieves.
4775	Many have faced confusion when navigating through the program.
4776	Many of my closest friends are from the African-American community.
4777	Many of the carbon credits available may be of questionable environmental value.
4778	Many of the chardonnays now being produced in California are intentionally going the way of no oak and more citrus flavours, and I bought into that mentality for a while.
4779	Many of the food vendors re-opened for business within weeks of the fire, selling their products outside of the building.
4780	Many of the vendors will be familiar business faces, but others - and that is the attraction of a night market - will be the rarely seen.
4781	Many organizations took part in the fair, including the Diabetes Association of Belize, the Ministry of Health’s Mental Health Unit, the Kidney Association of Belize and The National AIDS/HIV Commission, among others.
4782	Many people complained about the proposed routes, which cut off bus service to some streets that had had the service for decades.
4783	Many people from Laurens County are in state and national Halls of Fame, Dunlap said.
4784	Many residents at Weatherby Lake are screaming about property assessment increases of 50% or more.
4785	Many saw it as a “heads versus hearts” campaign, with cautious older Scots concluding that independence would be too risky financially, while younger ones were enamoured with the idea of building their own country.
4786	Many saw “Jerusalem” as a lament for times past.
4787	Many saw the soybean oil market as too high, even with the strength in the soybean meal market, bringing selling activity to the market.
4788	Many sellers pull companies off the market, insulted by offers.
4789	Many students criticize the University’s “administrative bloat,” which they say increases tuition.
4790	Many students say they enjoy his company.
4791	Many times people are still in the hallway and Judge Worthington says you can never tell who is friend or foe.
4792	Many Vinalhaven quarries had once lived and worked on Hurricane and had vivid memories.
4793	Many works that were traded for thousands and tens of thousands of crowns in the mid-eighties are today ten times more expensive.
4794	Many young people from ethnic minorities are stuck in manual jobs and there must be more social mobility.
4795	Maples, who portrays the mother, was also in the opening night premiere film in last years festival and said she excited to be part of a film that has a great message for young women and the importance of movies created locally.
4796	Maran meets PM, may be dropped from Cabinet Agencies, New Delhi, Jun 30 Union Textile Minister and DMK MP Dayanidhi Maran met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in New Delhi on Thursday ahead of a likely Cabinet reshuffle.
4797	Marcella was also pre-deceased by her loving son Timothy on June 3, 2016.
4798	Marcus McCorcle, MD, and a group of high school friends founded the program in 1968.
4799	Margaret "Peg" Shandera told investigators that she took $137,000 from Shadow Mountain Property Management, according to the Arizona Department of Real Estate.
4800	Margarito constantly moved forward, throwing as many punches as humanly possible.
4801	Margie and Janet announced that it was time to eat.
4802	Mari Becker, age 12, was airlifted to Children’s Hospital in St. Louis after she fell ill Sunday afternoon.
4803	Marilyn Geshick said the person should have an inkling, and the supervisor should show her how to do it.
4804	Marisa Banigan and Mia Godbout are raising funds to produce a new toy designed to foster leadership skills in girls ages six to ten.
4805	Mark Cagle, from Malesus Baptist Church; and Wednesday, Bro.
4806	Markell DeLoatch — Public Opinion By Amber South, asouth@publicopinionnews.
4807	Marketed by Berkeley Lettings and Management Parkview Residence, Baker Street NW1 An allocated parking space in a private car park Situated on Baker street with Fob access to car park lift, high security and 24hr concierge.
4808	Marketed by Honeywell Estate Agents A stone built mid cottage property Two bedrooms, bathroom, downstairs cloakroom, dining kitchen, lounge Generous garden to the rear Original features throughout Popular residential loca..
4809	Marketed by Keenans Estate Agents 3 bedroom terraced house for sale West View, Clitheroe, Lancashire BB7 Marketed by Keenans Estate Agents 144results found.
4810	Marketed by Quayles Online Estate Agency Promenade, Port Erin, Isle Of Man IM9 Enjoying panoramic sea views and only minutes walk to the beach, shops and harbour, this is a spacious purpose built 2 bedroomed apartment.
4811	Marketed by Rook Matthews Sayer - West Denton Spencers View, Blaydon-On-Tyne NE21 A well presented 3 bedroom modern family house on this popular development.
4812	Marketed by We Love Property Ltd Upper Maze Hill, St. Leonards-On-Sea TN38 Large basement storage area situated on lower ground floor level of residential detached building in St Leonards-on-Sea.
4813	Marketo Inc (NASDAQ:MKTO) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Marketo Inc (NASDAQ:MKTO) has been given a consensus recommendation of “Buy” by the fifteen ratings firms that are presently covering the stock, MarketBeat Ratings reports.
4814	“Mark has a great eye and he gathered an excellent group of local and national, as well as international gallery artists around him.
4815	Markowitz showed how to compute the average return and variables for a given stock portfolio.
4816	Mark Potok, a senior fellow at the Southern Poverty Law Center, said there have been meetings between white and African-American groups, but none between the NAACP and the KKK.
4817	MARK TATULLI: I’m doing exactly what I want to do.
4818	Marriage, Domestic Partnerships, and Civil Unions in the U.S. On May 17, 2004, Massachusetts became the first state in the union to issue marriage licenses to gay and lesbian couples who are residents.
4819	• Married taxpayers should both come to the site unless one is incapacitated.
4820	Marshall Fowler was the clerk.
4821	Marta scored again via a long-range shot in the 41st after Janine Beckie was dispossessed in midfield.
4822	Martha enjoyed hosting family and friends, anytime, but especially during the holidays.
4823	Martina Field's most recent prints, such as “First Run”, which shows the stark, dark trunks of a line of early spring maple trees hung with sap buckets, demonstrate her latest foray into landscapes, some real and others imagined.
4824	Martin also spoke about the difficulties in the current process.
4825	Martin, an African-American, was shot and killed by neighborhood watchman George Zimmerman while he was walking through a gated Florida community in February 2012.
4826	Martinez is known for her rockin’ acoustic guitar.
4827	Martyn Beaumont was off target with the conversion.
4828	MARY LYNN SMITH and CLAUDE PECK Thousands on hand to greet Trump at Twin Cities airport The presidential campaigns are making a final pitch to voters in closing hours before the election.
4829	Mary Mulombe Phiri stated that Traditional chiefs, councilors, legislators, religious leaders and civil societies will help to raise awareness in a bid to increase community access to all family planning methods through community structures.
4830	MARYSVILLE — The Marysville-Pilchuck soccer team was shut out by Edmonds Woodway 2-0 Sept. 15. M-P’s record is 1-3.
4831	Mary was born and raised in Danielsville, as the youngest child of the late Rufus Jackson Sorrells and Emma Sue Coile.
4832	Massive resistance had already been declared unconstitutional when Jane Foster arrived in Charlottesville in July 1959, before the first black children entered white schools.
4833	Mass will begin with a procession featuring James Ruhf, pipe major for the City of Bethlehem Pipe Band, former parade kings and queens, and the 2016 king and queen.
4834	MASTER CLASS: Add some fun to spice up workout routine Certain exercises are simply too fun to be considered work.
4835	Master with ensuite and fitted matching bedroom furni 4 Bedroom town house, over 3 floors, modern style property, downstairs WC, separate utility, kitchen/diner integral units include dishwasher, double electric oven, gas hob, extractor and dishwasher.
4836	Mater Dei Class of 1953 Sixtieth Reunion, Oct. 4, invitations are being mailed; for more information call Sylvia at 812-424-8673.
4837	Matheus said at the time that it was believed that not more than one person was involved in the murders.
4838	Matt Emerzian will present the Every Monday Matters movement and students will learn valuable communication skills while learning about and dealing with other personality traits.
4839	Matters scheduled for those dates will move to the conference room at Fong's Restaurant and Motel.
4840	Matthew, 33, of Charlottesville, also is charged in a separate case with the abduction and killing last year of University of Virginia student Hannah Graham.
4841	Matthew miraculously made a full recovery because of Zola’s determination.
4842	Matthews' health woes took a turn for the worse late last year, however, and she set up a crowdfunding effort to pay for her medical treatment after being diagnosed with sclerosis encapsulating peritonitis, a severely painful kidney condition.
4843	Matthews initially said yes, until she found out he was charging $125 per person for the event.
4844	Matthew Wright was forced to sit it out because of food poisoning the day before, which practically put the Fuel Masters’ preparations in disarray.
4845	Matt is a star, an example of what should be done.
4846	Matt Lee is very likeable as loveable sweep Bert, Rebecca Lock is a perfect Mrs Banks while Milo Twomey gives his Mr Banks an air of vulnerability.
4847	Mauga finished second in the conference as a freshman and led the league last season as a sophomore.
4848	Max Get More is a reputed player in the reward program, and this joining together will be one of the best things that we can gift our customers.”
4849	Max torque with over boost is 553 lb-ft.
4850	May 20, 2008 7:49 PM Read more > Web resurrects outdoor store through international sales By IAN ROSS Jon Wynn is a true believer in the power of the web.
4851	May 21, 2012 TesticAl Reply It was funny as hell when the Jets were or Hard Knocks.
4852	Maybe Bridgewater Place would work also.
4853	Maybe Ecuador should just turn over the keys to the kingdom right now and spare their citizenry the privilege of being liberated.
4854	Maybe He was, thought Emily and she smiled broadly.
4855	Maybe I can bring… both sides together (and) help get rid of the partisan bubble.”
4856	Maybe I could trade my matchbook collection for the drug collection?
4857	Maybe I’ll change my name to Sancho Kushner.
4858	Maybe it’s the news that there’s a wall of taco trucks going up around Trump tower.
4859	Maybe nobody is watching because of all the turmoil in the Middle East, but that won't change the direction of our economy one bit.
4860	Maybe the weather pattern will settle down once Mother Nature becomes bored with her rubber ball.
4861	Maybe this is why they rushed into blue, not to let him come.
4862	"Maybe you overdo the analysis," he says.
4863	Mayer and Carona said Hunt is being investigated because he made statements during the campaign that show he doesn't support many of Carona's programs.
4864	Mayor Jennifer Roberts signed documents Thursday night to put in effect a curfew from midnight until 6 a.m. After midnight, dozens of protesters continued to march and chant in the city’s business district.
4865	Mayor Michelle Rogers told the council that she would talk to Lawrence County School District Supt.
4866	May the Scouts do their thing and the public kayak, paddle board, swim and sail for as long as that giant rock sits at Baby Beach.
4867	May you be blessed with many more good years Gloria.
4868	McAuliffe, flush with cash, bombarded voters with a series of commercials that attempted to tie Cuccinelli to restricting abortions.
4869	McCarty said adjustments in terms of preparation could be made to Sherando’s cross country teams in the future after he and assistant coach Megan Roberts determine what did and didn’t work for the Warriors this fall.
4870	McCaskill is no stranger to bringing perpetrators of sex crimes to justice.
4871	McConnell said he wishes Ramsey “the very best.”
4872	McConnell, the Kentucky Republican who expects to become Senate majority leader next week, acknowledged that he needs to cooperate with Obama because the president has the power to veto legislation.
4873	McCormick said Granados then came back and choked him, only to run off again during his sister’s sixth-grade promotion ceremony at Chula Vista Hills Elementary School last year.
4874	McCrory said the air space over Lumberton was restricted to eliminate any interference with the helicopters, and he advised people not to fly drones over the area to get an aerial view of the flooding.
4875	McCully wishes to inform Puna of the outcome of his recent discussions with Clinton in Manila where she expressed an interest in attending the Forum.
4876	McDonald is committed to organizing an orderly transition and I am sure it will be,” she said.
4877	McGuinness hopes to set the home pages of the library’s computers to the search to encourage patrons to use GoodSearch.
4878	McKinney reportedly enrolled in the Green Party earlier this month in California, where she is a Ph.
4879	McMahon also favors lowering the tax rate on businesses from 35 to 25 percent.
4880	McManus sees a correlation between high employment rates and more uninsured patients coming into Munson.
4881	McPherson has also been on the faculties of the Philadelphia College of the Performing Arts (1982-1984), Ashland College, Ohio (1984-1987), and he moved back to Ketchikan in 1987 to purchase what is now McPherson Music.
4882	McQuagg quit his construction job and became a racer on the local dirt tracks.
4883	McQueen is housebound and isn’t able to leave his home often.
4884	MC Ride makes wonderful use of his musical environment, contributing his signature off-kilter verbiage with ease.
4885	McVeigh said he was forced into his bedroom at gunpoint and held there, unable to attend his children who were screaming in another room.
4886	Meanwhile Carol, Morgan, Denise and the Wolf are trapped together.
4887	Meanwhile, expect another couple hundred coal plants to be built in China this year.
4888	Meanwhile I hear a lot of cab companies are no longer carrying Workers Comp. insurance on their drivers.
4889	Meanwhile, Patti LuPone grabbed a phone away from one audience member in the middle of Shows for Days.) In this environment, Yondr has found fans of its own in artists like Alicia Keys and comedians like Dave Chappelle, Louis C.K. and Hannibal Buress.
4890	Meanwhile students in a fourth-year marketing class designed and produced gifts for sale as part of their course requirement.
4891	Meanwhile, the 18-year-old Standard Eight dropout wondered why her mother was being taken to hospital when “she was getting better by the day”.
4892	Meanwhile, the Commission through its Education and Counseling Department, in the period under review, sensitized 171, 331 people across the country on drug and money laundering issues.
4893	Meanwhile, the delegate for Aragua, Marcos Sosa, insisted on the importance to include in the internal norms a large section of revolutionary trends present in the Venezuelan society.
4894	Meanwhile, the relaxed but dressed-up atmosphere in a locale slightly set back from the bustle of Hartz Avenue makes for a special night out.
4895	Meanwhile the subtle codification of Republicans as vile racists continues on screen.
4896	Measure A in tomorrow’s election will determine if the voters in the area want to implement the recommendations of the Task Force.
4897	Meat and bones are laboriously removed from a whole duck.
4898	Meat items like gushtaba, rishta, roghan josh, tabaq maz, qorma, kabab mirch chetni, abgosh are prepared.
4899	Medicare consists of approximately 85% of the billing volume for the organization.
4900	Meeting innocent people and getting frightened by innocent things they did turned the monster into a tortured, scared fugitive.
4901	Meet to car pool at the Northwood Congregational Church by 11:15 a.m. Plan to pay Elaine Covey $11 at the restaurant.
4902	Megan Thompson got the loss in each game.
4903	Mehta's previous films include Water, Bollywood/Hollywood and 2012's Midnight's Children.
4904	Me: “I have to be in Tucson this afternoon.
4905	Melania Trump's naked shoot for GQ Magazine revealed including racy girl-on-girl photos Secondly, his inability to not spit insults at rivals, supporters, journalists, even babies continues to be a problem.
4906	Melissa enjoyed spending time with her family and friends.
4907	MELTON: I’m amazed at the amount.
4908	Melvin enjoyed visiting his friends and farming buddies at several local businesses in town.
4909	Members attended and found the complainant in the kitchen in what appear to be severe pain.
4910	Memberships will also be sold in the theater lobby preceding the first few films.
4911	Members of EntreFest, Little Village Magazine, Mission Creek Festival, FilmScene, and the Englert introduce Witching Hour, a two-day conference/festival dedicated to exploring and engaging the unknown.
4912	Members of the Chinese community have clashed against police in a protest against what they say are excessive controls over their companies.
4913	Members of the post are asked to meet at the Legion hall at 10:40 to march with the Dell Rapids High School band to the Granite City bank building corner, where the brief program will be held.
4914	Members of these groups can enjoy increased land tenure security when local government recognises adat as providing them with rights, but such recognition can threaten the security of other groups and their access to land.
4915	Memorial contributions may be made to the Victims First, c/ o Sidney Ettedgui, 515 11th Street West, Bradenton, Florida 34205.
4916	Memorial donations may be made to the SPCA, Grace United Church, Port Greville, or to Lake Echo Fellowship Baptist Church.
4917	Memorials have been established for the North Bend New Library Building Fund, North Bend Senior Center and the Morse Bluff Fire Department.
4918	Memorials may be made to the First Christian Church of Van Alstyne or the Cannon Cemetery Association.
4919	Memphis music engineer Jeff Powell on his latest asset Mulherin Selected for Red Bull Music Academy Cover Story: Election 2016: WTF?
4920	Mending Russia-US ties not to be 'quick and easy': Kremlin Moscow, Nov 23 (IANS) Mending soured relations between Russia and the US under the new US administration of Donald Trump will not be a "quick and easy" process, authorities said on..
4921	Meninga shuffles pack for Four Nations opener Kangaroos forward Trent Merrin looks for a hole in the New Zealand defence during their clash in Perth earlier this month.
4922	Men’s and women’s bodies differ more than is necessary simply to gestate, bear and nourish children.
4923	Mention of Welcome Wagon brought back joyful memories Wednesday, October 29, 2008 at 8:00 pm This letter is in response to Mrs. Jean-Ann Kerr’s letter, which appeared in last week’s Democrat.
4924	Merritt has been working with animals throughout her working career.
4925	Merseyside Police said that:- "Police officers were called to the scene by a member of the public shortly after 8pm and when they arrived they found the body of a man, believed to be in his forties, who had suffered a fatal wound.
4926	Messages of condolence may be sent online at www.swearingenfuneralhome.com. Funeral services for former Seminole resident Jim Delbert Logan are scheduled for 10 a.m. Saturday at Memorial Chapel Funeral Chapel in Nobel, Rev. James Kim officiating.
4927	Method: Wash and drain the boneless chicken pieces properly.
4928	Meyer's wanderlust was in part a rection to growing up in a place where he was "like the principal's kid, where everybody knows you and you're never really free to be yourself."
4929	Michael Holley, Patriots’ beat writer and author of The Warm Room, 610 AM June 2009 GH: Looking back over Holley’s comments about Pioli, it is obvious he is a huge fan of the former Patriots’ personnel manager.
4930	Michael Pearce The Wichita Eagle Bryan Williams honed his cooking skills at restaurants like Dean and Deluca in the Kansas City area.
4931	Michele said that the trip helped her understand why her son gave his life.
4932	Michelle Newby Lancaster March 21, 2016 From the print edition Natural gas exports to Mexico are surging A major new energy export market quietly emerges as Mexico takes advantage of low-priced U.S. gas.
4933	Michelle Obama for President!
4934	Michigan native Joel Rahn is president and has over 12 years of experience in the Traverse City and Grand Rapids markets in a variety of senior..
4935	Michigan State failed to convert a 4th and 1 at the Michigan 38 on the second play of the second quarter, and the Wolverines turned it into a touchdown, which was set up by a 26-yard completion to the 2-yard line out of the train formation.
4936	“Michigan State’s behind us.
4937	Micromax Unite 2 comes with 4GB internal storage which can further be expanded up to 32GB using a MicroSD card slot.
4938	Midway through the season, he lost his job.
4939	Mike Drew/Postmedia Three suspects facing first-degree murder charges in the killing of Calgary father Ryan Lane were in police custody Thursday.
4940	MIKE SUNNUCKS: They win the series and move forward.
4941	Mike was preceded in death by his parents, his wife, Jeanett Roberts April 29, 2013, brothers, Roger Dale Roberts, James Roberts, Donald Roberts and Henry Roberts.
4942	"Mild retrograde amnesia" is the diagnosis, and the fresh twist is, this time, Langdon has to piece together the puzzle of his memory as he simultaneously dashes all over Italy trying to prevent an impending hell on earth.
4943	Miller Electric took the ball down the field to get into offensive position.
4944	Miller will also have to pay for the costs of Angel's funeral — which was a total of $7,608.
4945	Millions Of Pounds Of Beef Recalled CALIFORNIA — Millions of pounds of beef were recalled due to possible contamination on February 8. A release from the U.S. Department of Agriculture alerted..
4946	“Milo played the final with the flu, but he was so impressive.
4947	Milosevic’s party had said Monday that with 37 percent of the ballots counted, the president was ahead with 45 percent to Kostunica’s 40 percent.
4948	Milwaukee teens had better make sure they get home Monday night.
4949	Mims helped make the Samford offense one of the best in the country last season.
4950	Mind you, only the Filipino can make me ‘tuta’.
4951	“Minecraft” is an “open world” game in gamer lingo, meaning it has no plot or outlined objectives.
4952	Ministerio de Seguridad Pública photo A student displays the product of the garden project.
4953	Ministry of Finance claims almost 40 percent of Bu..
4954	Minor miscues that don’t show up in the box score ended up dampening an otherwise effective outing.
4955	‘Mission: Huntington’ literally brings it home for parishoners Andre B. Laird - Thursday, August 8, 2013 7:51 AM Originally published Aug. 5, 2013.
4956	Missouri’s depth at the position is provided by a group of game-tested underclassman.
4957	Misty Oaks: Overall "livability" score - 78 Crime: estimated chance of being a victim of a crime in Misty Oaks is 1 in 18. Misty Oaks received high marks for cost of living, education and weather.
4958	Mitch Holthus, on the Chiefs/Raiders game this Sunday at 3:15 (CT), 810 AM GH: Another Sunday, another big game for the Chiefs.
4959	Mitt Romney has not been in New York City since he used to anchor the Channel 7 news.
4960	Mobile banking service EasyPaisa lending money on easy terms to the borrowers received much local and international attention.
4961	Mobile technology saw an influx of iPhone and iPad apps, and the most popular of all turned out to be the ability to send the b-flat parp of a vuvuzela directly from your iPhone.
4962	Modern, flush set living flame gas fire.
4963	Molly Gloss’ Falling from Horses and the American West The title of her new book is Falling from Horses, Oregon author Molly Gloss clarifies, not Falling off Horses.
4964	"Mom" is effectively using the guilt card on my wife by calling this her 75th birthday celebration (although her birthday is in a different month).
4965	Mom opened the door and two tall U.S. Marshalls, entered the house.
4966	Mom, you definitely were an example to your family of how a life should be prioritized.
4967	Monday night, the county’s supervisors adopted an $89,337,592 general fund budget on a 6-1 vote.
4968	Money will appear May 28 at the Mad River Saloon and Yuengling Stage in Sandusky.
4969	Montana Agriculture Appreciation is going on this month (March) & the Gollehons are certainly an example of today’s modern Montana farmer.
4970	Montreal: Centre for Philippine Concerns Filipino Workers Support Group, Kabataang Montreal PINAY.
4971	Moore shows societies are not sustainable with a widening gulf between "those who have everything, and those that have nothing."
4972	Moore then, graciously, spent the next half hour talking to me about the contest and sharing the key moments.
4973	Morales was an attorney with Thorsnes Bartolotta McGuire from 2000 to 2004 and a partner with Strong and Morales from 1994 to 2000.
4974	More guitar solo was to follow, this time the sounds of Villa-Lobos played with skill and clarity.
4975	More In Entertainment Date: 2014-07-01T00:00:00Z TO 2015-01-01T00:00:00Z (X) Liberty survives physical game to advance Liberty boys basketball coach Greg Altmix likes the progress his team has made during the first six weeks of the season.
4976	More info at philadelphiagryphons.org. • Reading Fightin’ Phils Gay Night is approaching.
4977	More information on this book at straylight.ca (below).
4978	More musicians needed for Salt River Symphony Chorus If you re looking to get back into the swing of things musically, the Salt River Symphony could perhaps use your help.
4979	More or less, however, electronic banking is spreading across the country as electronic infrastructure is catching strength with the advent of mobile technologies.
4980	Moreover, both Mr Khan and Mr Rehman disapprove the US invasion of Afghanistan, considering it to be the reason for instability in Pakistan.
4981	Moreover, he makes a reference to Mladen Ivanic, saying he was dedicated to science during the war, but later on established his own party and chose to be the copula between SDS and SDA on authority.
4982	Moreover he should have the moral courage to own up the mess he created for him (Obama) and offer his unconditional support to clear it all.
4983	Moreover, most of the newcomers were young families who wanted more sports and recreational activities.
4984	Moreover, we do not have enough well-equipped secondary schools in the south to feed the current three universities.
4985	More Paraguay News from Topix » Comments made yesterday: 31,286 • Total comments across all topics: 276,482,446 • Flag inappropriate postPost has been flagged for review Macedonia Enter city, state or zip International users, click here.
4986	More public college campuses are being worked in this area with the development of rock solid groups like FOCUS and St. Paul’s Outreach.
4987	More > ""Radiant Insights,Inc""Global Genome Engineering Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts.
4988	More research needs to be done and a historical monument set up on this spot.
4989	More Review, April 12, Ghanadot - CONSIDERING, the mandate of the Constitutional Review Committee (CRC) to review and prepare recommendations for those areas of 1992 Constitution that needs to be amended.
4990	More than 15,000 residents in these areas were evacuated.
4991	More than 200,000 vehicles travel each day along the Dallas-Denton stretch of the highway.
4992	"More than 200 of our employees live and work in Central Florida, so we understand and appreciate the benefits this project will bring to the region.
4993	More than any other international organization or business club, the WEF exemplifies the nature of imperialist globalization.
4994	More than half of them still say 'bully' — and not in a good way."
4995	More than two hundred thousand flu victims are hospitalized annually in the United States; about thirty-six thousand people die from complications of flu.
4996	More than two years later, as I cap my first year as the Minot Daily’s sports editor, I’m proud to say that I did.
4997	More > The WMBF First Alert Weather Team is proud to announce a full featured weather app for Apple and Android devices.
4998	More training sites are also needed because of the war with Iraq, Scholl said.
4999	Morgan County rallied during the next dual against Duluth, whom the Dogs were able to beat 78-24.
5000	Morgan County Schools will open Monday, Aug. 3. Everyone pleased watch out for extra traffic on the roads everywhere, school buses, cars all shapes and sizes.
5001	Morgan Freeman brings touch of "God" to Mandela film LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Nelson Mandela received the touch of "God" -- Hollywood-style -- when Oscar-winning actor Morgan Freeman prepared to play him in new movie "Invictus."
5002	Morgan had a mandate to his soldiers to be kind to women and children,” she notes.
5003	Mortar shells would have given way to bullets, which would have given way to knives, which would have given way to clubs or other blunts instrument of death.
5004	Mosca said the mayor treated him with no respect whatsoever and felt somewhat like he did in Catholic School being reprimanded by an elder.
5005	Mostad later helped found Enthusiasm Technologies, which was working to develop an online events database.
5006	Most Americans would call that common sense.
5007	Most are in great condition.
5008	Most deported families never made it back to their homeland, dying in the Siberian wilderness.
5009	Most important issue in upcoming election: Finances – the state budget will be tight in the next year.
5010	Most Lampasas Feeder Cattle Prices Weak Feeder steers and heifers sold steady to weak, slaughter cows and bulls $2 lower.
5011	Mostly, it means networks appear to give up on shows before the season even starts.
5012	"Mostly it's paintings, but there will be some drawings as well.
5013	Mostly what I stuck to was the old blues and things, because that’s what I heard the most and loved the most.”
5014	Most of the $39 million funds salaries and benefits for personnel directly responsible for delivering educational programs.
5015	Most of them would be prison guards to staff two new state prisons, reducing the state's reliance on out-of-state prisons.
5016	Most of the peoples are of the opinion that this work of suicide bombing is because of the excesses of American and allied army in many countries.
5017	“Most of the time I do not get my monthly supplies in full.”
5018	Most of the youngsters were employed as suicide bombers or to plant roadside bombs.
5019	Most people who knew “Boots” share that same sentiment.
5020	Most settled for jobs as store clerks or fast foods' attendants, the most exploitative sector anywhere in the world.
5021	“Most states do not see agriculture as economic development,” said Penn.
5022	Most transboundary mine concerns focus on safe storage of tailings — waste rock from the milling process.
5023	Mother Charlie Will Williams was born on April 2, 1940 to the late Hilliard and Waldora Adams Arline in Tennille, GA.
5024	Mothers pushed themselves against prison gates, demanding meetings with their sons out of fear that some inmates may face retribution for revealing violence inside the prison.
5025	Mountain Stage encourages anyone traveling from outside of town to buy tickets early and request a travel guide from our partners at GoToWV to help plan the trip.
5026	Mount Pleasant Town Council recently discussed whether short-term rentals, and the sites that facilitate them, should remain legal.
5027	“Mozart is still trying to figure things out,” said Mechavich.
5028	Mr. Álvarez was well aware that President Lobo had recently warned all ministers, directors, and managers who might have presidential ambitions to avoid campaigning while on the job.
5029	Mr. Ashley was selected for his accomplishments including retrieving new government travel cards for unit members amidst the squadron’s 30% increase in deployments.
5030	Mr. Aziz announced that the General Legal Council (the “Council”) that is provided for in Section 3 of the legislation has now been established, but he pointed out that it started off with the problems of any nascent institution.
5031	Mr. Chairman, I would like to end with the following observation.
5032	Mr Davies has served on various business boards around the county, and was the first chairman of the newly-created Marches Local Enterprise Partnership.
5033	Mr. Dolan indicates that he does not know precisely why he became interested in this field.
5034	Mr. Freeman’s presentation offered the fullest description yet of the shooting, which the police and witnessed portrayed differently last year.
5035	Mr Kerry said he was not aware of any details of the latest developments.
5036	Mr. MacKay has served on volunteer boards, including New Leaf and Tearmann House.
5037	Mr McLelland added: “He always presents as somewhat eccentric both in the person and in thought processes.”
5038	Mr. Museveni urged leaders to enlighten wananchi on the correct measures to take in order to improve their welfare.
5039	Mr Regilas-Davey said the victim felt “sick and upset” that she had stolen his money.
5040	Mr. Rhymer (science) is my advisor and a really good teacher.
5041	Mr. Robot unveils its twist, resurrects Elliot's character MR.
5042	Mrs. Burton did not remarry.
5043	Mr. Scanielo was a foreman with the Interstate Drywall in Clifton for 13 years.
5044	Mrs. Copeland is a kindergarten teacher at Hugo Elementary School and Mr. Dill teaches fifth grade at Hugo Intermediate School.
5045	Mr. Slater had worked as a welder for Ernest-Spencer Metals in Meriden.
5046	Mr Sogavare made the announcement last Friday at the official commemoration of the 37th Solomon Islands Independence anniversary in Honiara.
5047	Mr. Speaker, when the young men and women in this country are out there breaking stones and sweating to take home a salary every week to feed their families, I encourage them to break more stones."
5048	Mrs. Robinson, 84, of Lebanon, died Friday, June 1, 2007.
5049	’ Mr Watson asked.
5050	Mr Wetang'ula last week clarified that Kenya still believes that the deployment of Igad troops is necessary, but only with the concurrence of concerned parties, otherwise they stand the risk of being seen as invaders.
5051	Ms. Johnson said the owners of the gas station claim that the station is out of danger from flooding from a nearby creek, but Ms. Johnson said the area has been under water before the gas station was built.
5052	Ms. m. (which stands for McClodden, but everybody mangles it so she just goes by m.) is a multi-media artist whose mission is to make visible the invisible and humanize her subjects.
5053	Ms. Robin Y. Wilkey is Senior Vice President - Investor and Rating Agency Relations of Aflac Inc. since October 2010.
5054	Much controversy lies around the rundown, barren land because it's home to several nearly extinct species, like the burrowing owl and the fairy shrimp— who go through an entire reproductive cycle each spring in the land's vernal pools.
5055	Much of it he will say for the record and with great insight and invective.
5056	Mueller warned that an attempt to press ahead with an early election date could deepen Kyrgyzstan's political instability.
5057	Multimillion-dollar projects, such as the upgrades to Pearl Harbor Naval Shipyard and Kauai’s Pacific Missile Range Facility (combined, both projects brought in more than $600 million), contributed to the increase, as well.
5058	Multi-national oil companies in Nigeria are businesses whose sole aim in investing in Africa is outrageous profits for their home governments and investors.
5059	Multiple attempts to speak with Chris Steele Thursday were unreturned.
5060	Munro married James Munro while at Western in the early 1950s and moved with him to British Columbia where they opened Munro’s Books in Victoria, a store still in operation.
5061	Murphy’s Law holds court here, as the submarine snowballs toward self-destruction with Rube Goldberg-esque sequences of small human follies adding up to cataclysmic deaths.
5062	Murray spoke about the presentation saying, "Anytime that you can get in front of kids and get them excited about something, it's great.
5063	Murtuza said the responsibility for the security of the property rested with the police, who had clearly failed in their duty, incurring liability for compensation.
5064	"Music Against Borders is seeking musical instruments for the camp at Calais."
5065	"Music also played an important part in her life, an interest she shared with her brother Philip and sister Christine.
5066	Music Box: Big and pricey jazz anthologies light up the holiday season.
5067	Music ranges from Mozart to Motown to Beach Boys to the Four Seasons.
5068	Music starts at 7 p.m. Tickets are $69.50 for general admission floor and $69.50 and $49.50 for reserved seats, plus fees.
5069	Muslim nationalists, however, often avoid mentioning that their religion arrived here from distant Arabia and was not indigenous to Southeast Asia.
5070	Muslim scholars and leaders in the United States and other Western societies have particular opportunities as well as a responsibility to lead a revival ofijtihad.
5071	Musser said the meals are a great way to meet people in the area.
5072	“My agent (Ian Pulver) — who didn’t understand me for the longest time — is starting to get me.
5073	Myanmar has emerged from nearly half a century of brutal junta rule with one of the fastest growing economies in the world, forecast to expand around 8 percent this year.
5074	Myanmar highly appreciates China's high attention to the China-Myanmar friendship and the bilateral relations, she said.
5075	“My beers are always conceptual,” he says.
5076	My biggest concern was that I didn't want to be presenting to a roomful of executives and have something pop up on my screen."
5077	My brother and sister, who are older than me, they both play.
5078	My brother was in shock.
5079	"My character's a lot like me," Alexa said, referring to Marvalyn.
5080	My children grew up in a two smoker household.
5081	My close relative spends the better part of every day cleaning up dirt.
5082	My cluelessness didn’t bother me, because the film depends more on mood and character than many of the others, and key actions seem to be alarmingly taking place off-screen.
5083	My dad used to have hens and he fed them cracked corn and maybe something else, too.
5084	"My daughter attended Happy Time for 10 years and still goes there sometimes," said Harvey.
5085	My email address is nicholas.
5086	Myers is the leading contender for the 2008 Driver of the Year title.
5087	My father has cut some unnecessary expenses.
5088	My first had danced with Houston and Boston Ballet, and later, when my family moved to Massachusetts, I studied with Gail Collins.
5089	My friend had to leave, but, chivalrous to the end, I stayed.
5090	My heart goes out to Krista and John Quinn – we may never know your struggles but I can most certainly say, and without a doubt, that when I read your post on February 11, my heart broke for you.
5091	My hope is to inspire others through my story and photos.
5092	My hurdles race really wasn’t that great because I wasn’t feeling my best.
5093	My husband tried the Wethers Weizenbock (7.7% ABV, 24 IBU).
5094	My life is going to make a difference in someone's life," says Deacon Muniz.
5095	My mind loops about how many “accidental” shootings (to death) I hear of in this country, this state, this tiny town, and I wonder: was this human life lost, this family shredded, because a patrol officer simply wasn’t in the mood to chat?
5096	"My mom is full-blooded Italian, from Bra in the Piedmont," he explains.
5097	My mom was like, “Honey, life is not fair.”
5098	My most vivid memory is the experience which grew out of an editorial criticizing a pamphlet entitled Ideology and Co-Existence produced by an organization known as Moral Re-Armament (MRA) and delivered to every home in Canada.
5099	My mum completes the quick crossword in a certain daily newspaper every day practically as soon as she gets out of bed, whilst my father prefers the slightly tougher one in the national evening paper.
5100	My oldest son is 7. At some point, I’ll find myself explaining what happened and the attacks’ many reverberations through our culture and America’s place in the world."
5101	My other favorite bunny maneuver was the “flop.”
5102	“My parents went through World War II.
5103	My people, Jews, were considered a race (not a religion) by the nazis.
5104	My picks for division winners and wild card spots are below.
5105	My psyche is off this week, my mind..
5106	My putting was the stongest part of my game, even though on ten I missed a 1-footer for par," he said laughing.
5107	“My Sailors didn’t care about what I knew; they were more concerned about if I cared about them,” he said.
5108	“My sister is the reason for me surviving,” Lefkowitz said.
5109	My sister recently died and left me the money she had in a savings account.
5110	My task completed, I turn around and head for the closest bus.
5111	My view is the Government missed an opportunity to properly stimulate the supply side of the market in choosing to put the money in the hands of potential first-time buyers.
5112	My wife Carol normally plays bridge every Tuesday afternoons with some different area ladies bridge groups.
5113	My wife found a few canvases of mine, done 35 years ago and sighed wistfully.
5114	Namdar Khan was killed in an August 12, 2008, missile attack.
5115	Name of one ward will be given after Maharshi Valmiki.
5116	Nan Austin naustin@modbee.com Peter Chastai, left, helps children Addison, in first grade, and Zachary, in third grade, at an Aspire Summit Charter Academy math night in Modesto on Feb. 18, 2016.
5117	Nancy E. Williams can be reached at (603) 447-5635.
5118	Nancy Norton, a 1982 graduate of Roseburg High School, at RHS on Thursday.
5119	Nancy was the owner of Nancy's Beauty Shop, a business she operated 1956 until 2000.
5120	Narrow body planes will still continue to land here.
5121	Nash led the team with 12.5 points and 8.8 rebounds during the year to go along with 2.1 steals.
5122	Nashville-bred couple conjures emotive folk-pop with Christmas spirit.
5123	Natalie Kinkel at No. 2 singles, Meagan Powers at No. 4 singles, Drew Hilmanowski and Haley MacPherson at No. 1 doubles,..
5124	National schools usually dominate the top 100 in the Kenya Certificate of Secondary Education (KSCE) examination results and take up the lion’s share of University admissions through the Kenya Universities and Colleges Central placement service (KUCCPS).
5125	National Woodwork does custom woodwork; stocks ready-made cabinets; and has field carpenters that do trimming, mill work, wainscot, and other in-house finishing.
5126	NATO strike hits Gadhafi compound A NATO airstrike on the Libyan capital Tripoli has badly damaged buildings in Col. Moammar Gadhafi’s compound, officials and witnesses say.
5127	Natural England applied to the EU to have this particular species of snail added to the European protected species list, it's not something that come from the EU, its something that was requested by the UK to be added to EU rules!
5128	Naturally, the story is told from the Americans’ point of view but it is told honestly and, surprising for a Hollywood movie, it does not ignore the non-American heroes, which in this case are the Filipinos.
5129	Nault says there is more than $2 billion in the budget for infrastructure programs that have not yet been defined.
5130	NBC 7 San Diego Among the videos shared at the Tuesday news conference was a store surveillance video clip capturing Nehad prior to the shooting.
5131	NBC Olympics Site Delivers 75M Video Streams, 744M Page Views NBC has been raked over the coals for continuing to tape-delay of TV coverage of the biggest events of the 2012 Olympic Games in a..
5132	NDSS travels to Guelph to face Saint James Catholic High School on Nov. 9. Norwell returns home to host John F. Ross CVI on Tuesday, Nov. 15 in Palmerston.
5133	Nearly 1.5 million baby boomers may suffer from chronic Hepatitis C without even knowing it Did you know that Hepatitis C is a leading cause of liver cancer and the number one reason for liver transplants in America?
5134	Nearly 380 architectural studios took part in an international competition for the building's design.
5135	Nearly every day as the new downtown streetcars have been out on test runs, cars have been illegally parked too close to the rails, sometimes forcing the streetcar to stop.
5136	Nearly one in five legislators is a Latino.
5137	NEDAC assembly will be held in Nepal The general assembly of Network for the Development of Agricultural Cooperatives in Asia and the Pacific is being held from July 12 to 14 in Kathmandu.
5138	Need for financial disclosure That (now deceased) priest in Hayward who molested a little girl for four years just cost the diocese $3 million.
5139	Need to update physicians? skills stressed HEC focusing on technical education: Awan Newly-formed College Education Dept gets first secy DOPCs to solve overseas Pakistanis? problems?
5140	Negron’s plan calls for issuing $1.2 billion in state bonds and seeking $1.2 billion in federal matching funds.
5141	Neighbors that came out to watch the activity literally applauded officers’ efforts in working to restore peace to the neighborhood.
5142	Neighbours who live near Granville Sports College have been subjected to 'mayhem' during term time in recent years, including parking problems and verbal abuse, that resulted in resident Sarah Lord taking action.
5143	Neil also enjoys having a good time with his family and friends.
5144	Neither had the old owners, oldco, for that matter.
5145	Neither of them falls into the category of mediocre candidates.
5146	Neither your thoughts nor my statements, are Foolish, Sir!
5147	Nelson Cruz tied the game with a sacrifice fly, and Seager went to third when left fielder Marwin Gonzalez airmailed a throw to the plate.
5148	Netanyahu then returned to Israel with vengeance, enraged by the passionate international reception of Palestinian Authority’s statehood bid.
5149	NET Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 08:36:01 GMT Connection: close Content-Length: 183505 Avigdor Lieberman interviewed on Radio REKA Between the Fence and a Hard Place - August 2010 By Hook and By Crook: Israelâ€™s Settlement Policy i..
5150	NET Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 12:56:12 GMT Connection: close What is your favorite summer food?
5151	NET Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 19:46:41 GMT Connection: close The art of innovation: The key to unlocking creative blocks (BPT) - The Wright Brothers knew they were going to crash, yet tried to fly anyway.
5152	NET Date: Fri, 11 Nov 2016 12:17:48 GMT Connection: close Citizen Tips Birthdays Contact Us Letter to Editor Form Greenwood County Arrest Report for Oct 21, 2016 Thanks for reading GwdToday - Everyday!
5153	NET Date: Fri, 11 Nov 2016 23:57:22 GMT Connection: close What is your favorite summer food?
5154	NET Date: Mon, 14 Nov 2016 00:11:01 GMT Connection: close A weekly newspaper published every Thursday.
5155	NET Date: Mon, 28 Nov 2016 12:19:04 GMT Connection: close This website uses cookies to offer the best possible experience.
5156	NET Date: Sat, 12 Nov 2016 05:20:18 GMT Connection: close Content-Length: 22769 CivicLifeSportsSchoolsBusinessFoodOur HomesLetters/OpinionsCalendar First Annual Lafayette Cello Bash Sings 40 cellists perform under the direction of esteemed Bonnie Hampton.
5157	NET Date: Sat, 26 Nov 2016 22:33:18 GMT Connection: close Citizen Tips Birthdays Contact Us Letter to Editor Form Borden Egg Nog on sale at Ninety Six Piggly Wiggly Just in time for the holidays!
5158	NET Date: Sun, 06 Nov 2016 00:05:36 GMT Connection: close You are Here: Home » Business Search » A-Z Business Listings Over 5020 local businesses listed and growing..
5159	NET Date: Sun, 06 Nov 2016 22:25:10 GMT Connection: close Sayville’s newspaper, The Suffolk County News, was founded in 1884 and was originally named the Sayville News.
5160	NET Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 11:39:56 GMT Connection: close Our phone, mailing & email addresses..
5161	NET Date: Thu, 10 Nov 2016 18:47:51 GMT Connection: close Our phone, mailing & email addresses..
5162	NET Date: Thu, 17 Nov 2016 12:20:12 GMT Connection: close Paramount Examples of Physical Evidence in Marketing Physical evidence in marketing focuses on the physical environment in which the service is delivered.
5163	NET Date: Thu, 24 Nov 2016 03:37:13 GMT Connection: close By Jenny Gold and Heidi de Marco Surgery can make anyone anxious, but it is especially hard for young children.
5164	NET Date: Tue, 29 Nov 2016 04:08:22 GMT Connection: close A weekly newspaper published every Thursday.
5165	NET Date: Wed, 02 Nov 2016 10:44:57 GMT Connection: close Classified ad costs run as follows: Beacon $8.25, Shopper $8.25, Combination $13.50, Nugget $8.25.
5166	Netflix chosen over BBC 'because they could fund' The Crown The team behind new Netflix drama The Crown opted..
5167	Netivot and Shaarei Shomayim and Bnei Akiva were represented by me and my wife.
5168	NET MicrosoftSharePointTeamServices: 14.0.0.6106 Date: Fri, 25 Nov 2016 04:55:31 GMT Connection: close Content-Length: 6120 Click here for a complete list of operations.
5169	Never have I been asked to shorten the articles that I submitted to Mr. Pool.
5170	• Never put holiday tree branches or needles in a fireplace or wood-burning stove.
5171	Nevertheless, a subsequent poll commissioned by Focus found that, with 41 percent, Merkel came in top as the politician whom the public believe can best manage the migrant crisis.
5172	Newbury and the Barbados Lumber Company Lakers Sports Club matchup was also postponed due to weather.
5173	Newer ways to rebuild breasts have also made mastectomy a more appealing option for some women.
5174	New opportunities in house repair included learning how to put on roof shingles and work with other roofing materials, repairing damaged floors, walls and ceilings and learning how to build a deck and stairs.
5175	New options open up for MBAs with law degrees As regulatory issues become crucial, a combination of law and MBA degrees could be the next big thing.
5176	New owners hope that soon it will be back to Bo’s By Gretta Stark on Jan 16, 2016 at 4:00 p.m. Bo’s ‘N Mine bar and restaurant, 110 South Main St., has closed, but is planned to reopen in early February, after a change in ownership.
5177	New people in office is the best way to keep government working for us instead of against us.
5178	News items of timely interest gathered from the old files of The WYALUSING ROCKET and reprinted as they were in the July 30, 1981 issue.
5179	New SLUG Queen to leave Eugene in stitches Queen Sadie Slimy Stitches.
5180	Newsquest accepts no responsibility for entries delayed, lost or mislaid. 6) Proof of posting cannot be accepted as proof of delivery.
5181	News you need to know for Friday, November 25 Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ When Joseph Dubois arrived at Oswald Cos. four years ago, company officials say the insurance brokerage firm lacked financial discipline.
5182	New tea pots are in, including some adorable new Christmas tea pots, and our popular ipots!
5183	New Zealand, who beat Pakistan 2-1 in the Twenty20s, comprehensively won the first ODI by 70 runs with the second match washed out.
5184	NextFifty Initiative is a new Colorado grant-making foundation dedicated to funding mission-driven initiatives that improve community services for the elderly population and caregivers.
5185	Next Post Taiwan beekeepers battle to cash in on pure honey..
5186	Next Thursday the meeting will be held at Siam Palace in Grand Coulee.
5187	Next to the workshop’s kiln, Axle’s mobile gallery—devised from a custom 1970 aluminum step van—featured the works of various glass artists on its shelves.
5188	Next was Phosphorescent with a rock sound laced with psychedelic themes, followed by two of the more pop-like acts, Tegan & Sara and Bastille.
5189	Next weekend will feature some special guests from Science North in Sudbury who will be bringing some of their own interactive activities to Kettle Lakes.
5190	Next year should be a special one for cycling enthusiasts.
5191	Next year’s late-spring drama will be Aaron Sorkin’s “A Few Good Men,” and the season concludes with Dolly Parton’s “9 to 5: The Musical” in July of 2017.
5192	“Next year we will begin building on a 3,500 home village in Perth, a 750 home development in Dundee and a 2,000 home village in Elgin.
5193	Nicholas Luna with some of his recent pieces.
5194	Nick Faldo, 57, a Hall of Fame golfer and who won six major championships (including three Masters), lives in Winter Park.
5195	Niemann tacked on another 57 yards rushing.
5196	NIFF program manager Kate Yorga says it's a "huge win" for the festival to nab what's expected to be one of the summer's biggest movies.
5197	Nine have resulted in hospitalization, all but one for infants.
5198	Nine NFC teams are already sitting on at least four wins.
5199	Ningxia has 9 among 10 famous coal brands around the country.
5200	“Nir has kept us up to speed of how dangerous they can be,” he said.
5201	Niver joked back and forth with Birchwood Cafe about Blue Plate's "private jet."
5202	Nixon deleted seconds on a tape and he had to resign, while Hillary deleted thousands of emails and is running for President.
5203	Nkululeko encourages other theatre groups to persevere as their time to shine will surely come.
5204	Nobody, I mean nobody, deserved to get a huge pension backdrop payment from a government job.
5205	Nobody is forced to buy ipads or iphones.
5206	Nobody wants to do anything.
5207	Nobody was injured, but the vehicles were undrivable and were towed.
5208	Nobody was saying if such a case had been witnessed before or what the actual problem was.
5209	No consensus since that session has been made on Dunlap’s leave, the source added.
5210	No contact was made with the suspect and the investigation is on-going.
5211	No delays are anticipated this time around but weather dictates such matters.
5212	No departure was confirmed.
5213	No driving without a license?
5214	Noelle Haro-Gomez, Public Opinion Locals line up during the final hours left to vote at the Rec.
5215	No. From this small quiz there is a lot that can be learned.
5216	No geographically specific names such as the Queen of Sidney, etc. of W.A.C. Bennett's day.
5217	“No hesitation to make that happen as part of my mandate.”
5218	No intelligence agency or independent analyst considers this charge credible.
5219	No. Is it lying to walk in her world?
5220	No longer can a typical family of four head north and escape to a quaint Victorian community that has been lost "Somewhere in Time."
5221	No longer, it happens all the time.
5222	"No longer should Australians have to suffer in the way these young people have for the past three-and-a-half years," said John Roskam, executive director of free market think tank the Institute of Public Affairs.
5223	Nomadic education is designed and vigorously funded with federal funds because the northerners are the nomads in Nigeria.
5224	“No man ever consented to be circumcised as an infant, yet they have had to live with the consequences all of their lives,” said Intaction Executive Director Anthony Losquadro.
5225	No matter how hard you try, you cannot satisfy all the needs and wants of all consumers.
5226	No matter how much you long for the days gone by, and the joys of your childhood, time passes on, and you can’t go back.
5227	No matter if EKU chooses to stick with Blackboard or go to something new, it is going to be more expensive for the school, Gardner said.
5228	No matter who becomes the President, the major issues may remain the same.
5229	No mean achievement, yet, the financial gains, if any, are too miniscule and they are all that seem to matter.
5230	No more warnings for trespassing says community constable Community Constable Paul Mulholland wants you to know that there will soon be no more warnings issued for walking on the railway track.
5231	No mother should ever feel she has to abort her unborn child because she cannot afford health care."
5232	No movies to deem good Or bad, no books to carry you away; No meanings to find, nor players to play.
5233	No need to put a currency sign in front of this 3.3bn either, because it could be in baklava for all the good it will do for you anyway.
5234	None of the discussions or the statement in any way affects the sovereignty of the islands and the UK remains absolutely clear in its support of the rights of the islanders.
5235	None of those in power want to change it because it suits them and allows them to benefit their friends and party supporters for whom anything goes.
5236	None professed any knack for looking into the future, although a couple of them seemed a little more "intuitive" than the average person.
5237	Nonetheless, most manufacturers plan to decrease their selling prices.
5238	None were on the list, although perhaps they could have been.
5239	Non executive chairman of SEC was trying to archive his lost political aspirations and to build a name for himself by betraying not just SEC, stock market in Sr Lanka but the country at large.
5240	Non-natives who see the show will actually have to consider Native people, our history, and our issues, which is something we, as Native people, are forced to consider every single day.
5241	No one else is going to teach it to her.
5242	"No one has time to get her up from bed.
5243	No one knows Trump voters' better than Rob Arlett, the Trump campaign's Delaware state chairman.
5244	No one says lawyers are inherently bad legislators.
5245	No one who is American first would make such a seditious statement re: free speech.
5246	No other company or person signed off on any of the documents we viewed.
5247	No poop, I was sold!
5248	No propulsion methods other than gravity are allowed and no additional weights can be added, other than the driver.
5249	Nor do they allow leaders in the Church to endorse or denounce a candidate because of his or her position on a given issue.”
5250	Noriko: “I’m really proud of having an Okinawan governor in Hawai‘i.
5251	Nor is it fair to have a horde of people coming that no one else wants; not even the CARICOM members, who so righteously pretend to seek justice but would not lift a finger to aide these people by any means, other than to provide lip service.
5252	Nor is this the first state visit that has highlighted the issue.
5253	“Normally i'd say what he does is up to him.
5254	North Adams Ambulance Service set up its rehab tent to provide some respite from the chilly temperatures and sleet.
5255	Northagen said discussions have occurred for over 2 years on how to handle the CEDS and Quad County processes.
5256	Northeastern has continued to advanced and has now passed Hofstra, while the Pride has regressed.
5257	Northern pike are present at moderate levels also.
5258	“North Korea is reduced to an international sore, a problem that many wish to see go away.”
5259	North Platte Area HSBB Results: Friday, January 22nd Highlights and scores, Jan. 22. SPVA Basketball Tournament highlights and results.
5260	NORTH STORMONT - Two adults from Quebec are facing drug charges after an SDG OPP officer pulled over their vehicle on Highway 138 on Monday morning.
5261	Norways are bigger and stronger and refuse to mate with them.
5262	Not address the problems which are pretty obvious to anyone who travels regularly on the line.
5263	Not a great movie—in fact, John Carpenter's first real hint of many bad movies to come—but still, I think it got the point across.
5264	Not all dishes were as bewitching.
5265	Not all of the data was free of charge either.
5266	Not a radioactive disaster, but just suppose we were gone.
5267	Not doing the safety analysis at all does not meet that standard.
5268	• Note the descriptions of any suspicious persons.
5269	Not even a whimper has come from our Church.
5270	Not even tiny ones,” says Alan Stern, planetary scientist at the Southwest Research Institute in Colorado and principal investigator for the New Horizons mission.
5271	Noteworthy -- albeit for the wrong reasons -- are the Dodgers.
5272	Not following the clock in Western countries is interpreted as a lack of respect for the other party's time.
5273	Not from local or central government.
5274	Nothing else can explain the incredibly narrow minded, blinkered views they have.
5275	“Nothing has been confirmed,” Geller writes in a piece of brilliant commentary and hard-hitting journalism, “but this is as juicy as juicy gets in the sordid sex-scandal department.
5276	“Nothing has changed in you biophysically, but your whole sense of yourself might shift,” Annemarie Jutel, author of Putting a Name to It: Diagnosis in Contemporary Society, said in an interview with BBC.
5277	Nothing in Jewish law inhibits the maintenance of the quality of one’s physical life.
5278	Nothing unusual in that – he rings me a lot, often blowing up about someone, or something I’d written, or some lightbulb moment he’d had about fixing up the city.
5279	Not just for me, but for everybody.
5280	Not only did Goldwater lose, Utah voted for LBJ.
5281	Not only did some dentists consider the silver compound, which kills the cavity-causing bacteria, experimental, they opposed allowing anyone but a dentist apply it.
5282	Not only is Sendall Gardens a great place to take a walk, it’s a popular setting for engagement and wedding photos.
5283	Not only is this a conversation we need to be having, but, Guilford College, hookups can go wrong.
5284	Not only were most of those believers overweight, Warren thought.
5285	"No to the exploitation of the Miranda Loma".
5286	Not perfect, not idyllic, but hardly chaotic.
5287	Not that Cushman’s psycho-analyzing her.
5288	Not that I was trying to contradict such a gracious lady, but I was sitting in a room with secret service monitoring my every move.
5289	Not to be outdone, Nathan Gelsinger snuck one past Panthers goaltender Alex Olson to make it 2-1 just over a minute later.
5290	Not to mention too cheap.
5291	“Not too many people do this because you put all this work into it and anything can happen.”
5292	Not to take anything away from Independence.
5293	Not yet, says Pakistan-based journalist Amir Mateen.
5294	Nov 04, 2016 Last Updated 6:49 AM, Oct 30, 2016 Category: Edition 77: Jan-Mar 2004 In Australia we see members of Non-Government Organisations (NGOs) shaking tins all year round.
5295	November 18, 2003 Raj Rajaraman Cop Shop, News 0 On Oct. 12, at 2:05 a.m., Campus Police responded to a report of a group of individuals throwing water bottles off the Lot 8 parking garage roof.
5296	Now 14, she was coming home from school in a van with other schoolchildren when Taliban assassins stopped the vehicle, climbed on and demanded that the children identify her.
5297	Now 8-9 on the season, the ’Jackets will host the Palestine Wildcats Friday, Jan. 5, with a 5 p.m. freshman contest opening a three-game slate.
5298	Now again the Rockstar Ranbir is back with the director Imtiaz Ali.
5299	No. Was it lack of choice?
5300	Now, as one of 15 worldwide, Sather will be in Maple Ridge this weekend sharing his true passion with guests at Country Fest.
5301	Nowhere in the latest figures is there hope: The Greens recorded 11 per cent primary support - down from a high of 14 per cent early in June..
5302	Now how can we change this?
5303	Now I am paraphrasing here, but that is essentially what he said.
5304	Now I can say that Mexico is going to always stay in my heart,” Pope Benedict said in comments translated by his ambassador to Mexico, Archbishop Christophe Pierre, and broadcast on national TV.
5305	Now, in the fall, the club is opening a second satellite spot — third facility overall — although they have not officially released the location yet.
5306	Now is the time, Mr. Lynch.
5307	Now it is a national thing, Christian said.
5308	Now, it is time to put it into action, and we will help the municipalities complete their own land ordinance plans.
5309	Now I want the slowness, the wet heavy thing, but the days are tumbling by.”
5310	Now known as the Avenues of Honour, the trees were the first such plantings in the British Commonwealth, said Camden Haven Historical Society president Phillip Bowman.
5311	Now Obama is returning the favor of his Alinsky masters, training and cloning an army of social justice bullies to carry on his revolution to “fundamentally transform America.”
5312	No wonder the loved ones of these brave men can’t get closure!
5313	'No worse feeling in the world than turning off a ventilator', says outgoing Children's Commissioner Last updated 05:00, June 19 2016 Retiring Children's Commissioner Russell Wills.
5314	Now spool forward a few years, add two small children and some more stress lines into the mix.
5315	Now, take a yoga breath and check out our roundup of local places offering up hot holiday deals.
5316	Now tell me how DOO is safer!
5317	“Now that I have this great opportunity to move to Oregon and train with some of the best athletes in the world and use all the resources and technology that Nike has to offer, I see all of these dreams becoming a reality.”
5318	Now that Part D has us by the throat, the fees are being jacked like a "no bid contractor".
5319	“Now the healing can begin,” Hanson wrote.
5320	Now the only deterrent is being "defriended."
5321	“Now they are telling the population and the world that I am not a licensed attorney,” he said.
5322	“Now, we can actually talk about it.”
5323	Now, what about that missing shade in Todd St North?
5324	Now, what could be a greater ministry than that?
5325	" Now with her photo permanently etched in Oval history, no one will ever forget just what she accomplished both on and off the ice.
5326	“Now you can break those payments up into installments, use your debit card to make payments, or do electronic fund transfers.”
5327	Now, your life is a fruitful testimony to the power of Gods saving grace.
5328	NPN offers a Caribbean cruise later in the summer — the 2013 Bahamas Leadership Summit & Music Festival at Sea, July 4 – 12, where children 17 and under cruise free.
5329	"Number 2, there's no eyewitness.
5330	Number three, I want to feed dogs."
5331	Numerous roads were covered with water, and that led school officials in New Hampton to call off classes Wednesday.
5332	Nusbaum said this request came from staff members and it was agreed unanimously at the elementary, concurred by middle school principal Scott Woodington, while High School Principal Glenn Webb said it was 50-50 at his building.
5333	NVSS X-Country Runners Make History Sixteen runners from Nechako Valley Secondary school took part in the 43rd annual BC High School X-Country Championships in Langley.
5334	Oakland's Korean BBQ joints surpass the ones on the other side of the bay, and they're often open late.
5335	Obama came to office in 2009 promising to review the U.S. policy on Cuba but made only a few modest changes on travel restrictions and allow remittances under certain conditions – because the U.S- Congress refuses to rescind the trade embargo on Cuba.
5336	Obama for whatever reason is defending the indefensible.
5337	Obama has endorsed a select group of state legislative candidates this year in addition to Exum.
5338	Obama, meanwhile, glided into his Illinois Senate seat and into the White House with very little negative attention from the press (beyond brief, isolated incidents like the Rev. Wright dustup).
5339	Obendorf then took on the task of counting every parking space between Jefferson and Broadway so a plan could be developed for the larger space.
5340	Objects like medals, furniture, prints and various other types of antiques are sole in the market.
5341	"Obviously, the reason these hospitals are doing this is because of marketing.
5342	"Obviously there's a very limited source of deeper meaning if you don't go into areas of faith.
5343	Obviously, these decisions have to be made in the context of your personal situation.
5344	Obviously, the status quo is not working," Folmer said.
5345	Obviously this punishes marketing of what is produced.
5346	Occasionally, Rose would turn up with her officer in tow.
5347	"Occupants of Zuccotti should temporarily leave and remove tents and tarps.
5348	Oceanfront Homes & Reduced Prices We proudly support our local schools!
5349	Oceanside is no city of Bell, but we have had our share of unsavory objects floating in the civic punch bowl over the years.
5350	O’Connor and her husband then and there were heard making remarks that should have disqualified her from ruling on Bush v. Gore.
5351	Oct 20, 2016 - Taconic Moves to Second in Western Mass..
5352	Oct. 27, 2016 A health ministry worker fumigates a house to kill mosquitoes during a campaign to prevent Zika in Managua, Nicaragua.
5353	October 20, 2016 BY Alan Fram, Associated Press Donald Trump, who’s railed for months about a “rigged” political system, used the final presidential debate to defiantly say he won’t decide until the election ends whether he will accept its results.
5354	October 26, 2016 by Kelly McSweeney Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy.
5355	Oculus Rift Pre-Orders Open January 6 (But What’s the Price?) Oculus will include free copies of VR games Lucky's Tale and EVE: Valkyrie with all pre-orders of the Rift headset, which doesn't have a price..
5356	Odda said that their request for an automatic increase of $500 each year seemed heavy.
5357	O'Donnell is known for her pro-gun, anti-abortion stance, as well as her belief that masturbation is a sin.
5358	Of 11 countries surveyed, Canada ranks first in the number of website visits per user per month, at 95.2, and second only to South Korea in number of pages viewed, at 3,349.
5359	Of course, a Republican dominated Congress passed the bill anyway, although President Obama quickly vetoed it to maintain stricter limits on carbon pollution.
5360	Of course as fresh bloods, we have the idealism that this is how things should have been.
5361	Of course, my little six-year-old mind couldn’t grasp all of that.”
5362	Of course, she adds, this experience is useful to young people embarking on government careers, and some of the most sought-after positions are reserved for them.
5363	Of course, there is banter over slogans—for instance, one hears shouts of ‘Separation of Powers!’
5364	Of course, there is still the possibility of additional snow this week (Thursday) which could postpone cleaning up for another week.
5365	Of course, they cannot think straight, hence the current predicament.
5366	Of course, this is important; but, for her, the TRC is far more than a teaching moment, an opportunity for the ROC “to feel good about feeling bad.”
5367	Offensively, freshman Shelby Dilcher led the Bears, going 1-for-3 with a grand slam, which capped a seven-run third inning.
5368	Offensively, the team is much more stable.
5369	Officer McCoy retrieved the bill and placed it in evidence and turned that case over to Investigator Ric Morgan of the Colquitt Police Department.
5370	Officers who responded found Dejean-Jones collapsed in an outdoor passageway, and he died at a hospital.
5371	Officially, Beijing has yet to confirm Duterte’s visit, but Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told a regular press briefing on Tuesday that both sides were in close contact and it hoped Duterte would visit at an early date.
5372	Officials agreed that they could use the recreation money to improve Willard Fouche Field, which is property of the Jackson County Board of Education, or to buy land for future park development.
5373	Officials at a military base in New Mexico say the state's driver's licenses and IDs will continue to be accepted as identification good for entry into the base until Oct. 10, 2017.
5374	Officials have said countries would need to introduce the tax jointly to avoid smuggling and loss of economic competitiveness, but Gulf Arab governments have been discussing the idea inconclusively for years.
5375	Official sources hold that LeJ terrorists frequently cross over into Pakistan from Afghanistan using unfrequented routes, commit bank robberies and sectarian-related killings.
5376	Officials said in a statement that the hearings will involve discussions about development of a new Student Assignment Plan.
5377	Officials say just because there was no debris in the waterway you are swimming or floating down last year, does not mean it is not there this year, and that is what catches most people off guard.
5378	Officials say the Red Cross responded because three people were displaced.
5379	Officials say they expect more than one million people to turn out for the June 1-4 celebrations, the high-point of the queen's jubilee year.
5380	Off the cuff someone says we should have a family reunion and the planner of the family steps forward with a remarkable list of ideas and plans.
5381	Of last year's $16.8 billion, $12.1 billion was direct expenditures and obligations.
5382	Often, he said, those "fake" guns weigh, look and sound like a real gun.
5383	Often, one set of siblings is in a home they like, and so it seems wrong to move them.
5384	Of the dozen candidates to have declared their intention to run for mayor, Mitchell Schwartz has raised $255,000.
5385	Oh, and the Madison Symphony will be there with John DeMain in his usual spot, to highlight some musical threads from this wondrous musical tapestry, and then to perform the complete work following intermission.
5386	O'Harra and business partner Shannon Ahern, who currently owns the Liberty Building, originally opened the store in 1978 as The Book and Game Company.
5387	Oils containing GLA have been used to aid temperature regulation, cell construction, energy, low immune response and inflammation.
5388	Okay, excluding that one guy at Sidetrack who got his food before I did.
5389	Okimoto believes that the creation of ag easements is vital for ensuring Hawai’i’s agricultural future.
5390	Ola’s founder and CEO Bhavish Aggarwal said in an interview this summer that Ola with a million rides daily is ahead of its competitor and is rolling out innovations at a rapid clip.
5391	Old Stump Home Torn Down in 1920 The old S.P. Stump home on the corner of Court street and Main alley is being dismantled and torn down this week.
5392	Ole Miss returns to competition on Oct. 15 hosting No. 9 Nebraska at the Patricia C. Lamar National Guard Readiness Center beginning at 8 a.m. CT.
5393	Olsen Travel Agent’s knowledgeable and highly experienced staff offer competitive prices, exceptional personal service and unbiased advice without any hidden costs or credit card charges.
5394	Omar announced that Jammu and Srinagar cities would have traffic light system this year.
5395	Ominously, statistics also show that “during Christmas and New Year’s two to three times more people die in alcohol-related crashes than during comparable periods the rest of the year.”
5396	On a city level as councilman since 2010, Mr. Tuck has promoted transparency and practiced fiscal responsibility; voting against the use tax dollars for outside consultants and opposing increases in real estate taxes.
5397	On a first date, you should always have a getaway car.
5398	On a local level, EMTs are volunteers with other full or part-time jobs.
5399	On a mat spread out over the lawn, six competitors in groups of two faced each other.
5400	On April 19, LaRue County High School students and chaperones will hop a motor coach to a new, exciting experience.
5401	On average, each body cam requires a minimum of 1TB of storage per year.
5402	On average our banking facilities were rated by our customers as being comfortable, achieving an average rating of 86%.
5403	Once a booming steel mill hub, the city is now a shadow of its former self.
5404	Once again, Martin enlisted his daughter’s help.
5405	Once in Asia, a further overland expedition will lead Horn through the tundra in Kamchatka, before making his way to the North Pole.
5406	Once in high school, all types of sex should be taught and how to be safe.
5407	Once Microsoft launched Windows 95, however, the gap between PC and Mac sales widened dramatically.
5408	Once misconceptions about the weather have been cleared, coaches agree that the campus visit is one of the most important aspects of recruiting.
5409	Once our control is gone, is it no longer available to regain?
5410	Once play resumed, the Chiefs surged ahead at 14:24 on a power play by scoring machine Zach Giuttari.
5411	Once the application date approaches, businessmen will launch a wide media campaign that leads to an increase in the prices of commodities, thus stirring up the citizens against the law.
5412	Once the protesters made it clear they had no intention of infiltrating and disrupting the rally, most media left, whereupon the protest promptly fizzled.
5413	Once the victim leaves the item and heads to the bank, the con man visits the store and leaves with the item.
5414	Once they got to Germany, they could board a ship that was bound for America.
5415	Once through the stations, children will be sworn in as junior rangers and receive a patch.
5416	Once washed, it's hung up to dry with fans.
5417	Once you know how to dress for an interview, that confidence will show in how you present yourself.”
5418	Once you’ve paid off your credit cards and some loans, use the amount that you used to pay on debt to build up an emergency fund, invest for retirement and save for vacations and recreation.
5419	On defense, the Cougars are giving up just 16.0 points per game and held Minot State to 322 yards with just 50 yards rushing or 1.4 yards per carry.
5420	One afternoon he was watching TV when his neighbour knocked on the door.
5421	O'Neal and Hollis are expected to return to Sacramento at the end of this month to sit down and discuss the making of the classic feature film.
5422	One by one, the anchor stores began to close in the early part of the decade, mortally wounding the once-thriving retail destination.
5423	☛ One can also connect to the FTP server by starting a session over one's browser.
5424	One day, Shehata accidentally bumps into Gawan outside a mosque; he is now a wealthy man, who has come back to Baghdad disguised as a merchant to look for a son he had by Shehata’s treacherous wife, who was kidnapped by rival bandits when a child.
5425	“One day when some father quizzes his sons on the greats of the game, I hope Shaquille O’Neal will be the answer,” he said.
5426	One extremely successful businessman answered the question this way.
5427	One husband would be about the same age as his bride, the other about 10 years older.
5428	On eight occasions, high-octane motorists were spotted by cameras driving more than 100mph between the M25 junction and the junction at Buntingford.
5429	One is certain that no one in the US or Europe will watch that offering for more than two minutes.
5430	One major criticism against this syatem is about the old and outdated syllabi taught at madressahs, which produces only a conservative mindset with a pre-scientific outlook.
5431	One may suggest that though Zionism is not a colonial apparatus, the relationships between Israel and its West Bank settlements establishes a quasi colonial correspondence between a ‘Mother,’ and a ‘Settler’ State.’
5432	One method becoming more common is to use machines that also create a paper trail that can be tracked and audited for irregularities.
5433	One must assume he has a really large family or just really hates pesky neighbors.
5434	One New York paper compared his interjections to the utterances of Inspector Clouseau, while The Legal Times said that more than a few observers find him ''crazy as a loon.'
5435	One night during the meeting, brother Ross Spears was leading the old song, "Let The Lower Lights Be Burning."
5436	One observer suggested it may be in Purgatory.
5437	One of the challenges in the conservation of historic heritage seems to be the requirements of modern day life.
5438	One of the finished plates featured a triple decker sandwich made from round creamy polenta with garlic and herbed shrimp sandwiched inside.
5439	One of the locations is the abandoned Apollo Plaza, and another is Monticello High School.
5440	One of the major problems in marriage today is that people only consider what they will get out of it instead of what they can give to help build up the other person.
5441	One of the most common, real estate agents say, is skimping on the standard 6 percent commission.
5442	One of the most controversial large-scale endeavours she will be commandeering is the ambitious Stores to Shores project, which is intended to create a pedestrian-friendly corridor from Kootenay Lake up to Baker Street.
5443	One of the most crucial developments in the world of ancient warfare was the invention of the composite bow.
5444	One of the people who have been relieved is Susan Rupayo (30), from Mitchell Farm in Beatrice.
5445	"One of the really positive aspects of the job has been the great support that there is for the airport from stakeholders right across the southeast region, all of whom recognise it's an important social and economic asset.
5446	One of the reasons I decided to run for elected office is to be a strong voice for Federal Way and the South Puget Sound region regarding fixing our outdated education funding system.
5447	One of the saloon owners was Peter Bannigan, who was comfortably married and didn’t like undo attention.
5448	One of the skinniest surely is The Oklahoman, a copy of which just landed on my desk.
5449	One of the suspects was charged with extortion and the other was charged with conspiracy to commit a crime.
5450	“One of the things I stressed is that we have to treat the claret jug with reverence and respect that it deserves, and only put good stuff in it,” he said.
5451	One option would be for Trump to wait until the very end of his first term to formally withdraw.
5452	One or two scale insects are easily picked off; an infestation may be incurable.
5453	One possibility would be a parliamentary clause like the one the court imposed years ago in relation to the deployment of German troops abroad.
5454	“One quarter of that building was the first building I ever bought,” he said.
5455	One resident said a portion of Hall Road was only 17-feet wide, barely enough for two cars to pass each other without parked vehicles on the roadside, which he said is common.
5456	One resident says the people in the Pomeroon are timid and too easily cowed by some outsiders who bully them into accepting any price.
5457	One resident whose son works at Grove Park addressed Director of Recreation Kevin Ocker during his public comment.
5458	One result of the hearings was that most people supported presidential re-election and rejected the proposal to allow voting by members of the military or the police.
5459	One security guards was killed in the attack.
5460	One side of the street has a sidewalk and the other side none.
5461	One small step for me, one giant step for waste pickup sustainability At the risk of sounding like a whining ninny, I have to say out loud it’s not my fault.
5462	One teacher said: “I cannot believe we were all not informed of his past.
5463	One teacher told detectives that the day before Rogers’ arrest, the teacher was facilitating a group discussion about Gennings’ death with about 40 students, including the 14-year-old suspect, who “reported he had to use the restroom,” the charges say.
5464	One thing on your bucket list that you’d like to accomplish this year: Rappel down Mt. Vesuvius.
5465	One-time JVP backer of Sirisena’s presidential candidacy has now started naming names on charges of corruption and further/furthering nepotism, a la predecessor Rajapaksas.
5466	One, unlike Proposition 30, it was clear that everyday folks would be paying the higher tax.
5467	One year HMS home warranty included.
5468	One-year license fees are $20 for goats, $22 for altered cats ($33 unaltered), $30 for altered dogs ($51 unaltered), and $120 for pigs for the first year, $30 each subsequent year.
5469	One year, Means remembered, then-pastor Dr. Gary Cook read his children's book, "Christmas with Mama Jo," and invited children on stage with him.
5470	One young girl wryly remarked `if they want water and electricity then let them go back to their own country'.
5471	On Feb. 28, a stop sign was placed in the southbound lane of Center Street at the intersection, and a blinking red light directed other traffic at the intersection.
5472	On February 24, 1924, at the Ideal, SD home of Charles and Dora (Bainbridge) Heller a baby boy was born.
5473	On February 5, at about 6:07 p.m., Pasadena Police Officers J. Rappuchi and Krikorian were on routine patrol and responded to the 2300 block of Las Lunas Street regarding a trespass investigation (vacant residence).
5474	On Friday Apple released the latest version of the iPad.
5475	On Friday morning, June 5th at 11 a.m., a check for $5,000 was presented to the Lycoming County Master Gardening Program for the Sensory Garden.
5476	On international trade, it remains unclear whether Trump will follow through on his recommendations for punitive tariffs against China.
5477	On July 4, Brown learned that Chyna was taken to Animal Care & Control Team of Philadelphia (ACCT).
5478	On June 24, 2010, the pair decided to try to leave and go on the run.
5479	On June 24, 2016, Palmetto Daily News obtained reports from the South Carolina Department of Corrections that Dequadre Greene had been charged.
5480	Only 3 State railways in the world were making a profit at that time.
5481	Only a few flowers are both colorful and fragrant.
5482	Only God knows what Undenge profited from the corrupt arrangement.
5483	Only Hong Kong and Shanghai are less affordable.
5484	Only six Knights qualified for the state tournament last season.
5485	Only the best make it – and then she still has to deal with their moms.
5486	Only those who care for the pain of OTHERS and its healing are civilized.
5487	On many occasions, CORE aided that transformation.
5488	On May 20 (10 a.m. to 12:30 p.m., at James Lick School), we will be launching our task forces for reform.
5489	On Monday, former GSIS President Winston Garcia, who is running for Cebu governor announced that he and One Cebu party have decided to support the candidacy of Binay, noting that “he’s the most experienced to lead the Philippines in the next six years.”
5490	On Monday, I mentioned that 49ers coach Jim Harbaugh told his players that he will forgive them for anything except striking a woman.
5491	On Monday, the federal government officially announced the funding behind the work – including dollars for work at London’s train station – totaling $2.55 million.
5492	On national security issues, her critics characterized the ambassador's assertion as "evidence of unfamiliarity with the issues and sheer distortion of facts.
5493	On Nov. 8, voters in Baldwin County will have an opportunity to make golf carts legal on public roads.
5494	On or about May 26, Campbell, acting alone or in concert with Amanda West, Jody Bandy and Jeremy Bandy, took Dewalt power tools belonging to Lowes, and possessed heroin and drug paraphernalia.
5495	On our recent family vacation, however, Mom snorkeled, rappelled, zip-lined, and kayaked -- all for the first time in her life!
5496	On relations between the Netherlands and Germany, there is nothing to remark, both ministers said.
5497	On Saturday, a man and his girlfriend attended a friend’s house on Adelaide Street South after an evening of drinking and partying.
5498	On Saturday, instead of the fourth quarter, it was the first.
5499	On-site registration starting at 7 - 7:55 a.m. Limited shirts for active race participants - 100 adults and 30 children.
5500	"On some nights you can still smell the carbolic acid."
5501	Ontarians state that they cannot afford to pay the current price for hydro and your government responds with more increases.
5502	On that strength, she attracted an investor who is building a pair of two-family homes in Eltingville to rent them to Out of the Storm when they are completed.
5503	On the ancillary front of course that is a function of both domestic demand as well as external exports.
5504	On the books pay, clean drivers license needed.
5505	On the bright side, the Journal reported, some folks apparently confused Albuquerque with Acapulco, saying "they had heard good things about the landlocked state's beaches."
5506	On the contrary, they have common interests - preventing Islamic extremists from coming into power in Libya, which has always had links with al-Qaeda and terrorism.
5507	On the debate stage, rather than appearing, as she often does, in isolation, Clinton was allowed the rare treat of being a spectator.
5508	On the evening of May 12, Rodgers and lifelong friend Sélah Chavét visited Verta Bugh.
5509	On the first weekend in April, why not get out to enjoy the Georgia springtime and hop on down to the premier Columbus music festival: the Frogtown Hollow Jam!
5510	“On the last night, he could hardly get off a chair.
5511	On the Origin and Progress of the Novel Vol. 51, Issue No. 39, 24 Sep, 2016 Understanding the Novel: A Theoretical Overview by Albeena Shakil; New Delhi: Primus Books, 2015; pp xxi+264, ₹1,195, hardback.
5512	On the other, a credentialed curmudgeon, a man who distributed sometimes acerbic and harsh reprimands to an entire generation of black youth and who excoriated them with vigor and passion.
5513	On the other hand, ethnic Macedonians, in other words the majority, should pay greater attention to the position of Albanians in Macedonia.
5514	“On the other hand,” he continued, “employees would work any holiday (excepting Fourth of July, Thanksgiving Day and Christmas) at regular rates of pay, if asked.”
5515	On the other hand, he is also a coward, because he often attacks unarmed civilians.
5516	On the other side, economist Jeffrey Zax testified that ballot selfies have the potential to revive 19th century-style vote-buying, though he could point to no modern evidence of it.
5517	On the plus side this removes any ambiguity during that awkward crush stage.
5518	On the ringgit, she said, it was expected to fall further to 4.5 against the US dollar later this year as the dollar will strengthen against the basket of currencies due to Fed's moves in raising the interest rate.
5519	On the upper floor are four bedrooms, all of which benefit from built-in wardrobes, and the master bedroom has a fantastic, fully-tiled en-suite shower room.
5520	On top of that, we hear that Netanyahu’s wife, Sara, invited Abbas to her home, where if she knew he was coming, she would bake him a cake.
5521	On top of this hike in yield on treasury bills also encouraged the banks to invest in government securities rather than extending credit to the private sector.
5522	On Tuesday, China responded angrily to a declaration by foreign ministers of the Group of Seven urging a halt to “intimidating, coercive or provocative actions” in the South China Sea and East China Sea.
5523	On Tuesday, pipeline opponents including some landowners in its path plan to march from the state Capitol to the headquarters of the Department of Environmental Conservation.
5524	On Wednesday, Lykketoft responded to the protests in letters saying that he had done everything in his power to ensure the broadest participation but he was limited by his mandate which did not allow him to provide the names of the objectors.
5525	On what ended up being his final departure, Kauffman said he had plans to go recycling around the corner and would be back later.
5526	On ZNBC viewers enjoyed the live coverage of the COSAFA championship as well as the UNWTO the two events that exposed the national broadcaster’s inadequacy when it comes to live broadcasts.
5527	Open and shut: ASIS' crime, and the Labor-Liberal cover-up Bernard KeaneJun 12, 201521 Comments Our foreign spy agency blatantly broke the law in 2004 when it bugged the East Timorese cabinet.
5528	Opener Alastair cook remained top scorer with 81 runs knock.
5529	Open for … What to expect: Trey is a Jacksonville native who's been serving Northeast Florida for two decades.
5530	Opening night on MNF features four clubs that began playing in the inaugural 1960 AFL season.
5531	Operating expenses for the city are proposed to increase $123,802, or 5.5 percent, from 2012 to 2013, according to Bloch.
5532	Opponents — including Roman Catholic leaders, press freedom groups, human rights groups and prominent business leaders — feared the reforms would have granted Chavez unchecked power and threatened basic rights.
5533	Oracle’s announcement comes after Mozilla’s Firefox, Google’s Chrome, and Microsoft’s new Edge browser all indicated the end of support for browser plugins that use the ancient Netscape Plugin Application Programming Interface (NPAPI).
5534	Ora Del Ottmann, 84, of Houston, passed away July 25, 2014.
5535	Or as further described as Parcel Two in Deed Book 802, Page 75 being known as part of the Mills "Home Place".
5536	Or at least not immediately, and not to a visible extent.
5537	« Order 5 Subscriptions, Get 1 FREE – Call to Order Today » When I was growing up on a little farm outside Meridian, water appeared in the Treasure Valley’s canals every spring as if by magic.
5538	Or dreamed that you were?
5539	Organizations such as the VFW and American Legion provide crucial support needed for veterans fresh out of service, Morrissey said.
5540	Organizer Andrew George says a recent email from the town of..
5541	Originally approved in June, the measure quickly became embroiled in a fine-tuning of enforcement language.
5542	Originally centred on their leader, the great Humphrey Bogart, until his death in 1957, the Rat Pack was a group of actors.
5543	Originally from Southeastern Europe, it is a member of the buttercup family and grows 2 to 5 inches in height.
5544	” Originally interested in creating a shop for candy bouquets, Kurvink decided to pair it with an old-fashioned candy shop as well.
5545	Originally, the building (click on View Gallery in the above renderings to see additional art) was to have been located at 805 Main St. and offer 64 rooms.
5546	Original wooden fireplace with marble inset and hearth.
5547	Or is it just little Englanders after all?
5548	Or, more likely, a liar.
5549	Orr is accused of stealing nearly $127,000 from the city through unauthorized direct deposits and by using the city’s credit card to pay for dinners and hotel costs during city-sponsored trips.
5550	Or the District 9 county commissioner in Broward, or the District 7 county commissioner in Palm Beach County.
5551	Orthorexia used to be confused with anorexia, and is only now being distinguished as something completely separate.
5552	Other animals kill for food and possibly to save their own lives or the life of a loved one.
5553	Other audience members such as Jim Sweeney, president of the Izaak Walton League Porter County Chapter, raised their hand to speak but were not called upon before the gavel was dropped to adjourn the meeting.
5554	Other Democrats are beginning to lose trust in unions coming through with campaign contributions at all, as House Democrats look to make inroads into a historic House majority.
5555	Other kids use fingers and wrist and that can get in the way.
5556	Other major contributors for the Lady Knights included freshman outside hitter Maddie Knight (10 kills, six digs, one ace) and senior libero Alexis Perney (21 digs, two aces).
5557	Other major Sensex gainers included Axis Bank (up 4.40 percent), Cipla (up 3.58 percent), and Tata Steel (up 3.47 percent).
5558	Other politicians and rural leaders have suggested that the young should be married without any minimum age limit so that, as one put it, their “sexual desires find safe outlets.”
5559	Other positives have been found in Hamilton, Peters and Southampton townships.
5560	Other residents, including Gethin Morgan, another land owner, told the Chair, "Whether the road goes to Sunglow or not it runs through our land as well.
5561	Others surprise you with their understanding, depth and insights.
5562	Others, though, clearly are.
5563	“Other than that though, it is completely unorganized and crazy once you get started,” Hansen said.
5564	Other times, parts are interchangeable and you might have better luck asking for a specific part number rather than "a thing" for your "1989" bike.
5565	Other Tullow players Charlie Ward and Darragh Murphy were included in the substitutes.
5566	Other upgrades including campgrounds are on the drawing boards as well.
5567	Otherwise it is disappointing for the kid, and the animal bounces back here to the shelter."
5568	“Otherwise you can just imagine how much it would cost to ship 100 bricks.”
5569	Otherwise you end up lamenting in the manner of the brilliant headline by Sydney’s Daily Telegraph newspaper upon Trump’s victory.
5570	Other witnesses said they don't know where the car came from.
5571	Other Yukon Days events in Ottawa aimed to share the territory’s rich culture with visitors to the capital’s annual Winterlude festival.
5572	Our attempts to contact the Embassy of Japan (in Jamaica) to find out if there will be any changes in the schedule were unsuccessful.
5573	Our captivity, our being disproportionately ensnared in prison houses, our condition as the wretched of the earth (Fanon), and indeed as the meek that shall inherit the earth (Yeshua Himself), are in fact designed to bring about that remembrance.
5574	Our children are diverse — and so are the parents who serve them.
5575	Our Constitution makes it even more incumbent on my Government, or any other future Fijian Government, to ensure that our economic development is driven by our commitment to financial inclusion, and bringing all of our citizens into the mainstream.
5576	Our design guidelines are open-ended.
5577	“Our differing styles make it a great fight so why not, I’d be happy to face Tom again,” Cope told SportMail.
5578	Our discoveries enable a sustainable electron transfer from elemental iron to electron-conducting iron rusts, which then facilitate chemical reactions that transform and mineralize various contaminants in the impaired water.
5579	Our favorite items?
5580	“Our focus is on giving a professorship to our newer stars that will both recognize the contribution they’ve made to the Law Center and will help them with their research.”
5581	Our friendly team of experts really is on your side.
5582	"Our goal is not to ding people or cause problems for the businesses that are successful in our Center."
5583	“Our goal was to constantly yell to get a technical and try to get him (Pope) in trouble.”
5584	Our government just hasn't had the will or the foresight to support what they are doing and do more of it.
5585	Our highways are clogged..
5586	Our investments focus on sustainable returns over the long term, while stimulating economic growth and bringing about radical socio-economic transformation.”
5587	“Our method is guaranteed to give us an answer.
5588	Our pals Greg and Sarah Ashe left home a little early and were able to get in a trip to the pool before we arrived.
5589	Our parents worked hard in cocoa and rubber farms to give us basic education, let us work harder to give Nigeria a better future.
5590	Our pick of the best items from women’s wear store BEIGE to stay warm and look cool in this winter.
5591	Our policies and procedures follow California Title 15 and the guidelines of the California Medical Association’s Institute for Medical Quality.”
5592	Our priority has always been economic growth since it is the only way we can ensure a decent quality of life.
5593	“Our promise is that when anyone joins our program, player or coach, we will help them reach their goals.
5594	Our recent trip to Lake Placid was put on hold when our daughter required urgent treatment for an asthma attack.
5595	Our reporters never seem to peruse the foreign press to see what their take is.
5596	Our schools don't recognize all students, and they don't hear when kids are getting too much homework, as the above survey indicates.
5597	Our story begins with Alexander the Great, the son of Phillip of Macedon.
5598	"Our students were relatively well behaved," said John Saddlemire, vice president for student affairs.
5599	Our supporters not only raise essential funds, the events are so much fun for two-legged and four-legged participants.”
5600	“Our work provides the first strong evidence from experiments on a natural ecosystem that ocean acidification is already slowing coral reef growth,” Albright said.
5601	Outboard powered vessels built after 1978 are designed to support you even if full of water or capsized.
5602	Outdoor air pollution is relatively high in Israel.
5603	Outside of processing the proper paperwork through local, state, and federal agencies, the group's immediate goal is to build a small-scale reactor, which will process waste vegetable oil into bio-diesel.
5604	Outside of your four-wheeled domain you’ll find garden benches, tables and washing lines strung between trees, where guests can share a beer and some fare from the in-house veggie cafe.
5605	“Outworked from puck drop, the whole 60 minutes,” Storm assistant coach Kyle Panasuk told KTW, assessing the loss.
5606	Over 264,000 positions were recorded with the Corsa’s GPS receiver and linked together like a virtual dot-to-dot drawing, using Great Britain as a giant canvas.
5607	Overall, it had a lot of unique challenges most people don’t face on that trail.
5608	Overall, the people entering the Texas real estate industry come from virtually every walk of life.
5609	Overall, the show was brilliantly acted and the chemistry between both actors carried the narrative of the short half-hour play.
5610	Overseeing the sustainable extraction and transportation of sand in this village has been her ticket to a decent wage and a degree of decision-making power over her own life.
5611	Over the course of 98 minutes, Herzog breaks his subject into 10 categories.
5612	Over the decades, the company shifted with the times.
5613	Over the ensuing four seasons, she earned two consecutive state scoring titles, finished third in career goals and set Sussex County's all-time and single-season records.
5614	Over the past 54 years, the value for this indicator has fluctuated between $3,630,875,000 in 2014 and $11,484,230 in 1964.
5615	Over the past two weeks, St. Luke’s has blitzed Boise with newspaper, radio, television and mailed advertisements encouraging residents to support the hospital’s expansion.
5616	"Over the years as a police officer, I have had the opportunity to meet and serve thousands of people, and so many have shared that they are tired and frustrated with council," said Farruggio.
5617	Over the years Pampore has slowly emerged as a place which is not entirely depended on wealth derived from cultivation of this crop only.
5618	Over the years, Stoneland had gone from being a country happy to make cool products to one that didn't know how to make anything; even all its drugs were bought from a country called Drugland.
5619	Over the years, The Parlotones have lent their celebrity status to initiatives such as Earth Hour and Live Earth.
5620	Overton II fared much better as Phil Hoare top scored with 64 in their 270-7.
5621	Overwatch rewards players of every skill level too.
5622	Overweight, white, retired baby boomers in warm climates I think.
5623	Owen Lanning, also a senior, placed 4th in the triple jump, 5th in the long jump and 7th in the 110 meter hurdles.
5624	Owen says parents should “ask your school to take the OHA advice and work with them on discovering how the herbicides got into the drinking water.
5625	Oxton says the night is designed to heighten crime and drug prevention awareness, get support for anti-crime efforts, strengthen police and neighbor relationships and send criminals a message to let them know neighborhoods are organized and fighting back.
5626	Pabalinga said the event with the variety it has is structured in such a way that it will appeal to both the young and older members of society.
5627	Packed with up to 30 brands, including Citizens of Humanity, Joe’s, J Brand and Hudson, this North End boutique tucked away near the water is where you’ll find the perfect pair.
5628	"Paddy Kelly was unfortunate to have his foot in touch just towards the end and then Ben Creasey in the last second of the game.
5629	Page 33 Dwellings-Each house has been designed to meet the requirements of the building regulations Part M to ensure that the development accommodates the needs of all users including those with disabilities.
5630	Painkillers are easy to get.
5631	Painter Chris Chappell and models Meghan Adriel Dwyer and Jen Brown are the participants in this Paper Chairs project that will be presented in a full production this summer..
5632	Pakistan keeps up the firing at the LoC, targets Indian posts in Nowshera Pakistani troops on Tuesday targeted Indian posts along the Line of Control in Nowshera sector of Rajouri district by opening fire and lobbing mortar shells.
5633	Pakootas also fired back, saying that Wilson had overstated his vote totals from the 2014 election.
5634	Palmer said he didn't know there was a hacksaw blade in the meat.
5635	Palmer soon withdrew from college during his senior year and served three years in the Coast Guard.
5636	Pam Belcher The ASU Honors Program is adding a new mentoring program to help Honors students gain experience and knowledge in preparation for their careers.
5637	Panama was one of the bloodiest scenarios of one of the many wars that Colombia has had.
5638	PARENTING: Bullying: Separating the truth from the hysteria Noting that October is National Bullying Prevention Month, several editors have asked if I am willing to write an apropos column.
5639	Parenting the Highly Sensitive Child at 6 p.m. at Habitot Children’s Museum.
5640	“Parents can rest easier once their students depart by providing them with the tools and products they need to keep themselves and their personal belongings safe,” says Rebecca Smith, vice president of marketing for Master Lock.
5641	Parents think their child is learning because the boy is getting good grades in special ed. But those "A's" and "B's" are based on their behavior as opposed to their gaining knowledge.
5642	Parents were unaware of the spat during the last two weeks of school.
5643	Parents whose children received ground beef in their school lunches were dissatisfied with such lax origin standards.
5644	Parker is the daughter of Emily and Jason Parker.
5645	Parker received a Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance from the University of Texas at Austin.
5646	Parker’s defense lawyers then appealed to the Georgia Supreme Court, Doupé said, “and lo and behold, the Supreme Court decided to hear it.”
5647	Parks and Recreation coordinator Travis Young noted that Kidwell had helped line up the construction, while Stebral had donated all the labor.
5648	Particularly successful was the use of some extravagant glasses to show who was Aunt Augusta, herself quite shrill and loud in each actor's incarnation.
5649	“Part of that revolves around customer service.”
5650	Part of the continuing failure to improve the situation of the Kurds is due to the fact that their respective governments too often see them not as citizens but as potential terrorists.
5651	Party leaders thought they would have only Kasich, but just learned that Taylor will accompany him.
5652	Pasadena Pride Center is a nonprofit organization which envisions an inclusive San Gabriel Valley free of discrimination in all forms where social justice inspires community engagement and equity for all.
5653	Pa Sergy had told him the workers never lost the sense that the building was a sacred place.
5654	"Pashtuns, Tajiks, Uzbeks, Turkmen, Hazaras, Nooristanis and others constitute the Afghan people", he said.
5655	"Passing this bill is not going to bring my daughter back, but I'll tell you one thing, it will make me sleep a lot better.
5656	Pastina Rustic Italian Restaurant Where: 9354 Mentor Ave., Mentor.
5657	Pastured based dairy, egg and meat operations where animals receive little or no grains and high rations of fresh grasses are nothing like what the letter describes.
5658	Pathologist Robert Chapman, who carried out the post mortem, told the court bruising on Mr Bennett's knuckles and wrists suggested he either blocked a blunt impact or punched out at a blunt surface.
5659	Patients with similar symptoms are treated in rooms near each other for convenience, although there is not a separate wing of the hospital for the Zika Center.
5660	Paton will return to court to face a fourth charge of possessing child pornography, one count of sexual assault and one count of sexual interference.
5661	Patrick “Capt’n Pat” Ferrar, 64, of Wellsburg, WV, passed away Tuesday, November 1, 2016, at Valley Hospice North.
5662	Patriots center back Hugo Contreras was given the marching orders after getting a second yellow card just before the half, leaving the team with only nine men on the pitch.
5663	Patterson Pride was one of Dr. Cecil Patterson’s selections from 1942 but not introduced until 1960 (Dr.
5664	Paul Egli, Saanich Police Department.
5665	Paul, said, because many rural parts of the state have not recovered from the recession as well as the Twin Cities.
5666	Paul served with pride in the U.S. Navy in the South Pacific during World War II.
5667	Paxton church to hold annual toy drive PAXTON — The Paxton Church of Christ will hold its annual toy drive from 8 a.m. to noon Saturday, Dec. 7, and donations of toys are being sought in advance.
5668	Payments of $19,750 to Gremmer & Associates, and $30,000 to Wiss Janey Elstner Associates were okayed.
5669	PBK will continue to expand its current offices and markets with an eye on making its mark in the mining industry.
5670	PBL, however, contends that it cannot make the increase retroactive.
5671	PCHS volleyball will be spotlighted Sept. 15 Putnam County volleyball player Amaya Banks hits the ball during Sept. 7 practice.
5672	PCL » Former Cy Young winner allows four runs in 41⁄3 innings as Bees lose.
5673	Peamount10622251420 Wex Youths10613251119 Festy Ebosele from Enniscorthy made his international debut for the Republic of Ireland Under-15 soccer team last week, featuring in two friendly games against Poland.
5674	Pedroia has at least one hit in 27 consecutive games against Toronto, the longest streak by any Blue Jays opponent.
5675	PEEL Thunder’s top three chances took a blow on Sunday after suffering a 32-point loss to East Perth in a mini-derby.
5676	Peg Dierkers and Kristen Houser Also, WITF's Capitol Bureau Chief Mary Wilson joins us for Capitol Week-in-Review.
5677	Peggy was a collector of beautiful things.
5678	Pelzel likes to find looks she likes and try to recreate those with pieces from thrift stores.
5679	Penciled in for either the 152 or 160-pound weight class, Moffitt couples a great physique with a most aggressive approach.
5680	Pennsylvania Avenue resident Jerry Marvel asked if anyone was monitoring what types of Venture Milling materials were being drained into the Nanticoke River.
5681	People are interested in other things than making more money or accumulating more material possessions because now it is more broadly appreciated that these things provide only marginal assists to well-being.
5682	People bike across the country with enough gear to sustain themselves for months.
5683	“People dislike snakes just because they find them icky or they think they’re dangerous,” she says.
5684	People for a Safer Society, a gun prevention organization, is hosting screenings to raise awareness and educate people about gun violence.
5685	“People have a passion about watching it live.
5686	People have physical, mental and emotional impairments.
5687	People have previously swum oceans, but the full 1,883 miles - the longest stretch across the Atlantic between continents - has never before been officially completed.
5688	“People have the opportunity to start their day with a really beautiful film,” Liberman said.
5689	People in Lane County were (and are) pretty upset about the July budget cuts that led to jail releases (and the end of Lane County Animal Services, but that's another story).
5690	People need to be exposed to a more diverse set of issues and beliefs.
5691	People need to understand that the problem is hate, whether it be of the LGBT community or of race or religion.
5692	People of color appear to lose the ability to signal to employers that their records are clean," Starr said.
5693	People on the left think of themselves as worldly, but this is true only regarding national identity — they value national identity far less than people on the right.
5694	Peoples Bank, as well, deserves a large dose of community thanks for sponsoring the annual awards.
5695	People should find out more about an organization and how they use their money before donating."
5696	“People think Somalia is the worst, but Yemen I think is the worst, especially in this part of the country.”
5697	People traded their wares in labyrinthine souks like the one in Nizwa,..
5698	People wanted out of the country because no one knew what President Hosni Mubarak was going to do since mass demonstrations were being held against him and his government.
5699	People were killed in police shootouts and summary executions supposedly carried out by vigilantes.
5700	People who badger law enforcement into breaking the law by harassing firearm owners should be ashamed.
5701	People who have the disorder usually have severe visual impairment from infancy.
5702	“People will say, ‘They held Tyler (26 carries) to only (164),’ but they were important for us,” said McHale.
5703	People with different suppositions can find evidence to support their views.
5704	People with the sickle cell trait usually don't exhibit symptoms of sickle cell disease.
5705	People would get out of their cars and observe the animals.
5706	Perched above the port, in the style of the Hollywood sign, giant letters crumbling into the hillside proclaim, "Long Live Kim Il Sung," referring to North Korea's founder, who died in 1994.
5707	Perfect for budding young David Attenboroughs who will enjoy learning lots of fascinating facts about the animals and their habitats.
5708	Perfesser Dave: Don't worry about it, Questioner.
5709	Perhaps Powell is too large-scale a businessman to get respected in this forum, but he makes excellent points about passing unfair costs along in ways that hurt both Powell's and its customers.
5710	Perhaps the greatest importance of the box elder is that of providing winter food for evening grosbeaks.
5711	Perhaps the most annoying thing about the show, apart from the generally depressing tone, is the mental camera work, seemingly conducted by a chimpanzee on an LSD flashback.
5712	Perhaps, with these changes, the international perception of the United States could return to what Marie Antoinette, the French queen, once recognized about Americans: That we were “dear republicans” and “good Americans” through and through.
5713	Perhaps you can get Dick Cheney to join your little NRA rifle-toting group and we animal-loving citizens can sleep well at night knowing that you are out and about protecting us from Bambi and her offspring.
5714	Perhaps your spiritual director is better.
5715	Perry is riding a three-game point streak and now has five points in six games on the season.
5716	Persad-Bissessar added Tim Kee's “blanket indictment” on women as the enablers of their abuse has no place in a modern society.
5717	"Pete and Jenny are in the same house we used to film in, so it's all very familiar.
5718	Peter Delaney, Murroa East Pastoral Co, purchased Lot 1, Weeran Kansas City K323, who is by the renowned Barwidgee Jay W out of a B/R New Frontier 095 cow.
5719	Peter died two months before Ben was born, but "I will meet him in heaven," Ben said.
5720	Peterhead 5-day weather forecast Published on Wednesday 2 November 2016 08:32 Figure this one out.
5721	Peter Knego In addition to cotton balls and swabs, Windstar ships provide L’Occitane amenities, including two bars of soap, shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, lotion and shower cap.
5722	Pete was preceded in death by his wife, Ann (on Oct. 17, 1982), his parents, four brothers; Paul, Ed, Dale and Jim and two sisters; Anna Graham and Geneva Snider.
5723	Petitioners only had to collect signatures from 10 percent of the number of people who voted in the last Marana election.
5724	Petronet LNG Limited (PLL) ONGC has 12.5 per cent equity stake in PLL identical to stakes held by other Oil PSUco-promoters viz. IOCL GAIL and BPCL.
5725	Peugeot 405 SRI for sale, baby brother of the Mi16, 1.9 Petrol engine. 120k Miles. 1 previous owner.
5726	P&G expects foreign exchange woes to continue for at least the next six months, reducing full-year sales by five percent and 2015 profits by 12 percent, or $1.4 billion.
5727	Philippine News for the Filipino Global Community Masthead, pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: 1 University days are reminiscent of a carefree sunlit time of fun, laughter, and learning within and beyond the four walls of a classroom.
5728	Philippines, Gun violence, Gun control Siberia's melting permafrost fuels climate change Thawing permafrost is releasing greenhouse gases, ruining buildings, and may even be creating massive sinkholes.
5729	Phillips named Ohio head coach: Former NDSU basketball coach takes vacant Ohio position FARGO — In terms of hiring time, the Saul Phillips-to-Ohio University process was done in warp speed.
5730	PHILOSOPHY: The Evolution of a Moral Ethic A system can not survive for a long time without conditioning the mind-set of the populace.
5731	Photo: American Heart Association Shah Ardalan, president of Lone Star College - University Park, will chair the Oct. 29 American Heart Association’s Northwest Harris County Heart Walk.
5732	Photo: Amy Osborne, Special To The Chronicle Heavy waves tore up the promenade along the seawall in Pacifica, one of several damaged areas in the city, which prompted officials to declare a state of emergency on Friday.
5733	Photo: Andrew Meares Senator Nick Xenophon has given a big thumbs up to the High Court's thumbs down to allowing retired politicians bigger pensions and more free travel.
5734	Photo / AP Iraq's special forces say the fight to retake Mosul will largely be launched from the north and east.
5735	Photo by Matt Browne/Sportsfile Alan O'Neill's Kerry shrugged off their Munster final hangover on Saturday to book their spot in the TG4 All-Ireland Ladies SFC quarter-finals.
5736	Photo by Phillip Brents Hilltop's Drake Madarang in action at the Lancer duals.
5737	Photo by the Chamber of Deputies.
5738	Photo by William Warby / Flickr.
5739	Photo/Chula Vista Olympic Training Center Interactive event, long jump.
5740	Photo courtesy: Dr Salam's Facebook page.
5741	Photo Credit: (c) Phreckle Face Photography Posted in Bridal on Thursday, March 3, 2016 1:00 am.
5742	Photo credit: Son Duong/VnExpress Two people were killed and 17 others were injured after a bus crashed into a truck on the Phap Van-Cau Gie Expressway in Hanoi on Monday evening.
5743	Photo: DPA The German capital used to be famed for its plentitude of empty and cheap space.
5744	Photo: H John Voorhees III, Hearst Connecticut Media The Kennedy Flats luxury apartments under construction on the coner of Main Street and Kennedy Avenue, in Danbury, Conn, on June 17, 2015.
5745	Photo: Joshua Trujillo, Seattlepi.com The main cabin is shown during a tour of the Boeing 747-8..
5746	Photos by Chris Layton What are you doing for Thanksgiving?
5747	Photos by Gregory Rec/Staff Photographer Sumaya Mohamed had intricate patterns of henna applied to her hands for the Eid al Fitr celebration at the Expo.
5748	PHOTOS: George Clooney's girlfriends Can't get enough of Us?
5749	Photos: Kareena Kapoor Khan spotted at Mumbai airport Kareena Kapoor Khan, Sonakshi Sinha, Mallika Sherawat, Arjun Kapoor and other Bollywood celebrities were spotted at the Mumbai airport.
5750	Photos of the victim, which Chief Tom Chapman declined to release, show a bloodied man whose ear is still attached, though how securely wasn’t apparent.
5751	Photo: Times Union What you can ask for in an employment ad has changed a lot, too..
5752	PHS has a strong tradition of athletic and academic excellence.
5753	Physical ability and teamwork are tested through obstacle courses, physical agility events and a tug-of-war.
5754	Pick all you want, and eat all you pick.
5755	Picking up my Bible I turned to the day’s passage.
5756	Picking your clothes off the ground and throwing them on is NOT a system.
5757	Pickster was touring for years too and he still goes out and rocks shit all across the country and travels the world and still comes home and does stuff here.
5758	Pick up free seeds, potpourri, and garden book marks at the Be the Star You Are!
5759	Picture Bruce Rollinson 11:43 11:47 Monday 13 June 2016 It is a controversy that has largely been overlooked by the national media – but four of our region’s MPs are currently under-fire over their expenses dating back to May of last year.
5760	Picture: SuppliedSource:News Corp Australia Long may the monarchy reign over us — especially if it’s Netflix series The Crown.
5761	Pierre Achkar, President of the Association of Hotel Owners in Lebanon, told Executive in late May 2016: “There is an ongoing ban on citizens of the Arab Gulf visiting Lebanon.
5762	Pistachio is about quality, style, and taste, but it’s also about having fun.
5763	Pit vipers have triangular shaped heads, a bit of a neck, and elliptical eye pupils.
5764	Pizza Hut, a co-sponsor, provided each child a certificate for a personal pan pizza.
5765	Place a green or black olive slice in the middle and use a toothpick to draw red squiggles with food coloring on the sides.
5766	Place the dry ingredients in a bowl and mix well.
5767	Planned Parenthood implicitly and explicitly has promoted anal “sex” to children and adults for years.
5768	Plans began over the..
5769	Plans move along for middle school Tuesday, November 25, 2008 at 7:00 pm The Owen County School Board met Monday and received a report from Ron Murrel, the architect responsible for the new middle school.
5770	Plans to turn part of the South Pacific into a marine reserve are in the works, and it’s going to be huge.
5771	Please feel free to write to me via my Salon mailbox (see below).
5772	Please fill out an application.
5773	Please, Governor Fashola put an end to this wickedness.
5774	Please join Ken Rice and David Shribman – for the “KD/PG Sunday Edition”, Sunday morning at 8:30 a.m., on KDKA-TV!
5775	Please join us in prayers to support our priests and the work they do.
5776	“Please let me speak to the Mr. again,” he said.
5777	Please make a point to stop by and support the Cliquot Club in the months ahead.
5778	Please send this info to: Lorraine E. Johnson, 225 2nd St. N.E., Pipestone, MN 56164 or call her at 507-825-2501.
5779	Please translate when ever you use a vernacular language. mashonganyika kurasika hake, kurasikaa!
5780	Please vote for me, Erik Corbett for N.H. House in District 1 (representing Bartlett, Jackson and Hart’s Location).
5781	Please wake up and smell the coffee.
5782	Plenty of room to play, for pets, gardening, etc. Nice 6X18 front covered porch to relax on. 15X12 out- building.
5783	Plus it has the cheaper HD-DVD player add-on available if HD movies are in your future.
5784	Plus, try your skill in the bierstein-holding contest or the alpenhorn-blowing contest.
5785	Poe was followed by Vice President Jejomar Binay with 23 percent, Roxas and Davao City Mayor Rodrigo Duterte with 20 percent, and Sen. Miriam Defensor-Santiago on the fifth spot with four percent.
5786	Pointing out that the continent and the region is not faring well in terms of road safety, Tendekula said that Africa and the world at large is learning from Namibia’s efforts to make national roads safe and, “we need to build on that,” he said.
5787	Poison hemlock can also cause birth defects when consumed by pregnant animals.
5788	Poke, by the way, is taking South Florida by storm with the addition of Poke 305 and the food truck Local Boy Poke, as well as the announcement of Poke House, opening in Fort Lauderdale.
5789	Poland’s balance of trade with both developed countries (including EU members) and developing states deteriorated year on year, whereas the reverse trend was noted in the case of trade with countries in South-East Europe.
5790	Pole and Troll Zones would improve the habitat and fishing in such vital areas.
5791	Police and prosecutors shared never-before-seen evidence.
5792	Police are appealing for any witnesses to the incident, or anyone with information about the attack, to contact them at Little Park Street police station on 0845 113 5000.
5793	Police identified the texter and showed a picture of the man, who the woman identified as one of her co-workers.
5794	Police investigating 40 refugees for terror links Federal investigators have opened cases against dozens of people who have arrived in Germany seeking asylum, suspecting Isis connections.
5795	Police issued multiple tickets for speeding last week in the 100 to 800 blocks of South Meridian.
5796	Police raced to the scene of yet anoth..
5797	Police release footage of Keith Lamont Scott shooting in North Carolina POLICE have released dramatic footage of a black suspect being shot dead by officers in Charlotte, North Carolina.
5798	Police said the investigation into the shooting of Williams is still in its early stages.
5799	Police seized nine firearms, including handguns, rifles and shotguns, he said.
5800	Police used rubber bullets and tear gas to disperse the crowd of several hundred protesters who had gathered in front of a federal courthouse to express their support for four left-wing activists on trial for inciting violence in the city eight years ago.
5801	Police will dig two areas of land surrounding the Ocean Club’s Apartment 5A, where Madeleine vanished on May 3 2007, and an area on the nearby beach.
5802	Policy-makers, local planners, and residents can act now to develop a prudent and responsible approach.
5803	Politicos are talking about the 2016 election.
5804	Polley Lake remains closed to the public and mercury, arsenic and other toxins poured directly into the public watersheds, including one of the two major salmon runs of the..
5805	Pollster John Horvick says the survey of 400 registered voters has a margin of error of plus or minus 4.9 percent, meaning majority support is not completely reliable.
5806	Pop into the terraced townhouse store, where crafters are busy at work upstairs.
5807	Porter and Duskinas also qualified below the B-standard time of 48.29.
5808	Portions are rather French-sized, so expect to mix and match options for a larger meal.
5809	Positive discrimination of race, caste, or gender is also pivoted on properly and frankly discussing the problem at hand.
5810	Posted: 3 years ago Views: 10553 Government increases tax rate for free zones companies Government has made an upward adjustment to the corporate tax rate for free zones companies producing for local consumption.
5811	Posted Aug 17, 2016 2:59 PM Read more > In loving memory of a husband, father, grandfather and great-grandfather who passed away four years ago 17 August 2012.
5812	Posted by avande1882 on May 10, 2012 at 1:26 PM Amazing drinks (I recommend the Reverb), friendly staff.
5813	Posted by Bonnie Baker on Thursday, Oct 13, 2016 1:44 PM (EDT): I am glad that the Archbishop spoke but there are too many weak Bishops and Bishops that are in the pocket of the Democratic party.
5814	Posted by Charly Shelton on Apr 21st, 2016 and filed under Digital Copy.
5815	Posted by Michael Fletcher on Tuesday, 24 November 2015 The brothers told the Star they watched the eagle for about 10-15 minutes before they headed home, empty handed.
5816	Posted: March 18, 2014 at 2:37 pm ⋅ ⋅ Post a comment 22 Comments (starting with the most recent) NB: If you want to reply to a previous comment, start your comment with this notation: @n where n is the number of the comment you want to reply to.
5817	Posted on July 28, 2012 by admin 300 BLOCK OF CR 3525 – A woman reported that her stepson threatened her because he didn’t receive anything in her late-husband’s will.
5818	Posted: Wed Feb 01, 2012 3:39 pm The fact is that for the last 6 months Wisconsin has lost jobs while the US as a whole has gained jobs.
5819	Potentially Misleading Statistics on Global Terrorism Still Looking for Israel at Harvard I change, you change: Israel’s newest app revolutionizes currency exchange The shuk’s newest restaurant wants to give you the best bite you’ve ever tasted.
5820	Pottsville was guilty of three — one on each drive except its final of the half.
5821	Power was lost for three weeks, school canceled for two weeks, and there was no running water for a week.
5822	P.O.W.s—most politicians in either party would say, “Oh, what a sacrifice,” you know?
5823	Practice Potentially Paying Off Much attention was paid to the preparation that Clinton and Trump did and didn’t do, respectively, before their first debate last week.
5824	Practice the swing waist-high to waist-high, back and through.
5825	Predeceased by her parents Anna (Celli) and Nicola Marini, her brother Pascual Marini (Marta), and sister Ada Giampoalo (Aldo).
5826	Presently Gwadar has no building/ accommodation to accommodate the human influx and store the bulk supplies of any kind.
5827	Presently, the exemptions are said to be about 3.3 per cent of GDP; but the aim is to cut down to 2.4 per cent in the medium term,” he said.
5828	President Barack Obama called on Senate Republicans to confirm Loretta Lynch as attorney general, saying in his weekly Internet address that Congress “should stop playing politics with law enforcement and national security.”
5829	President Barack Obama, during a State of the Union address, said, “Let’s declare that in the wealthiest nation on Earth, no one who works full-time should have to live in poverty.”
5830	Presidential Election: A rejoinder to Fr. Pieris More on ‘English Speaking Pariahs’ Phillip Alston’s rationale Indian airports were on high alert..
5831	Presidential spokesman Ernesto Abella said Duterte’s statement is “congruent with government policy on maintaining and protecting peace and order in the nation.”
5832	President Jacob Zuma’s nephew, Duduzane, has famously amassed great wealth from a series of deals with the Gupta brothers.
5833	President Kagame and President Gurib-Fakim of Mauritius and Dr. Rugunda, Ugana premier at the Forum.
5834	President Obama thinks his "remoteness and detachment" are the problems.
5835	President Olusegun Obasanjo has sworn before some selected Nigerian elder statesmen and his foreign associates, that, he will NEVER hand over the Presidency of Nigeria to any one of the following three individuals angling for the coveted office.
5836	President Sauli Niinistö, in turn, told the national broadcaster that the jets were deployed four hours after the first intrusions to prevent a possible third intrusion.
5837	Pretty soon, they’ll add another source of data to the cycle: GPS.
5838	Prevention is a really important strategy in that.
5839	PreviousAnti-humanity nay-sayer A second consecutive dry winter Hook up with us here and get the latest news, updates and some free stuff.
5840	Previous articleCan your computer kill you?
5841	Previous: BC ranks high in opposition to census changes: poll Next: Onus on BC to protect Waterton-Glacier World Heritage Site What have we missed?
5842	Previously, a clash between unions ended with an angry mob tearing off executives’ shirts.
5843	Previously, Mr. McDonnell spent 13 years with DEP in a variety of roles.
5844	Price complied and was asked what he was trying to hide.
5845	Price includes entrance fee, tax, gratuity, and gourmet buffet from Tonto Bar & Grill (6:30-8:30 p.m.), private cash bar and private restrooms.
5846	Prices there are still affordable, but they are expected to rise significantly in the coming years.
5847	Prime Minister Ranil Wickremasinghe discussed the requirement on setting up a collective plan about a system in this regard with Indonesian Law and Defence Minister Virantho.
5848	Print Edition: Sept 28, 2014 Mukesh Ambani's $1-billion Antilla Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani resides in India's most expensive home, Antilla, at Mumbai's Altamount Road.
5849	Print Headline: IBM robot to learn role of educator Cash flowing for 'agtech,' report shows Nerves on edge in leaning tower IBM robot to learn role of educator Firm learning how to teach human skills to ro..
5850	Print Headline: Where possible lives Soup supper supports LifeStyles Death Fest a celebration of ultimate recyclin..
5851	Printis graduated from Pickett County High School and went on to serve in the United States Army.
5852	Prior to that, it hit an eight-month high of nearly $53 on supply disruptions out of Nigeria and Canada.
5853	Prior to the announcement on Wednesday, the community had called for inclusive formation of a new cabinet by the South Sudanese president, Salva Kiir, adding it should be based on the aspirations of the South Sudanese citizens.
5854	Prior to the incident, he said Grant was active and used to do his own landscaping in the yard.
5855	Prisons thus perform a feat of magic.
5856	Private burial was held at the Claude Cemetery on Monday, September 18, 2006.
5857	Probably, they may point to pronouncements and other professed actions by Ellen and her government as indicators of political will of the UP-led Government to extenuate corruption in Liberia.
5858	Proceeds from the event will benefit CARE in a multitude of ways.
5859	Proceeds: This event supports Breast Cancer Research and scholarships for Girls on the Run of Northeast Kansas.
5860	Producers are limited to 95 plants at any given time.
5861	Producers have many tools available to use in making genetic improvement, but the trick is to know which tools are appropriate for their operations.
5862	Products can resemble a fan or trolling motor contained in a short tube, and operate by creating strong currents of moving water.
5863	Professors in other departments said they have been hearing about the planned cuts because of declining Columbian College enrollment, but had not yet learned details.
5864	Progressives’ undying devotion to infanticide by government decree takes us even further back to times and practices that pre-date the Judeo-Christian worldview that we now took for granted.
5865	“Prohibiting liquor licenses hurts Wilkinsburg,” said Biddle’s Escape owner and Wilkinsburg resident Joe Davis.
5866	Projects to be completed in April: - Election committees for the capital and provinces will be established.
5867	Promotions: If you donate an item you get 20% off of one item.
5868	Property Search Results ForEngland Rentals 155461results found.
5869	Property Search Results For Sales Carysfort Road, Boscombe, Bournemouth BH1 Martin & Co, Bournemouth are pleased to present to the market with no onward chain.
5870	Property Search Results For Sales Hotch Croft, Cranfield, Bedford MK43 This five bedroom family home is situated in the village of Cranfield and has countryside views to the rear and side.
5871	Property Search Results For Sales Whittret Knowe, Forth, Forth ML11 Fantastic opportunity to acquire a large family home.
5872	Property Search Results For Sales Windmill Close, North Leigh, Witney OX29 Situated in an enviable location with far reaching open countryside views is this three bedroom semi detached family home.
5873	Propping up failed industries instead of finding new ways to create jobs and wealth would run the well dry and trigger retaliatory trade restrictions.
5874	Pros and Cons of a Backyard Wedding Your budget may have retracted and the long guest list may have dwindled down to a few special ones.
5875	Prosecution to File Murder Charges vs Young Journalist’s Killers Student journalist Beng Hernandez, gunned down while investigating a human rights violation case, would have turned 24 on Nov. 21. Justice would have been a perfect gift for her.
5876	Prosecutors succeeded in arguing that the 57-year-old Spaniard has been transferring money from his Swiss accounts to banks in the United States and Uruguay in the last few weeks.
5877	Prospects for B.C.’s biggest investment Premier Christy Clark and Prime Minister Stephen Harper have set a path for LNG industry in B.C. So now we know: we elected yet another crew of dinosaurs to city council, says letter writer.
5878	Protesters at the University of Minnesota delayed a lecture by Israeli professor Moshe Habertal.
5879	Protesters march from the Princetown Recreation Reserve to the township.
5880	Provided Photo Grimes later told authorities he didn't even remember what song he was singing.
5881	Provisions for losses totaled $84 million, up 9 percent from $77 million a year ago.
5882	Public library helps transform lives This content is only available to online subscribers.
5883	Public Works Director Scott Baker said he would check the mean high tide line and get a conceptual rendering drawn up for residents to review.
5884	Published: Apr 19, 2013 1:47 PM Full Story State-ranked Epiphany defeats WCDS 1-0 Fourth-ranked Epiphany scored the game's only run in the top of the seventh inning and beat Wayne Country Day 1-0 in a Coastal Plains Independent 1-A Conference contest.
5885	Published Aug 07, 2014 06:03am Arrested PAT workers granted bail ISLAMABAD: A division bench of the Lahore High Court (LHC) Rawalpindi bench granted bail after arrest to 17 workers..
5886	Published: Friday, September 23 2011 01:00 This interactive digital edition is now available.
5887	Published: Jul 28, 2016 1:46 PM Full Story Man is charged with possession of weapon of mass destruction A man was arrested at a traffic checkpoint early Tuesday morning when multiple weapons and an open container were found inside his car.
5888	Published Oct 12, 2016 at 4:47 pm (Updated Oct 12, 2016) Make text smaller Make text larger Rodriguez sees stories behind spotlights A big fan of musical theater, Caroline Rodriguez’s custodial-maintenance job is in Broadway theaters.
5889	Published Oct 20, 2016 05:47am Ecuador says it cut Assange’s internet over US election leaks Ecuador says the restriction is due to leaks by the anti-secrecy website that could impact the US election.
5890	Published on Wednesday 2 November 2016 07:51 Few cars are a specialised as a Maybach, a fact reflected by the rather modest sales figures this much-trumpeted luxury division of Mercedes has racked up.
5891	Published on Wednesday 2 November 2016 10:00 When there's no substitute for sheer size, the Hyundai i800 eight-seater people carrier might well be the last name to be crossed off your shortlist.
5892	Published on Wednesday 2 November 2016 16:28 What is it in the mere act of decapitating a car that instantly boosts its appeal?
5893	Published: Sep 23, 2004 1:57 PM Full Story Wednesday, September 22, 2004 Bountiful harvest News-Argus/Dennis Hill Corn pours from a harvester on the farm of Jerry and Dan Pipkin on Ebenezer Church Road on Tuesday.
5894	Published: Thursday, August 11 2016 12:50 PEÑITAS – A funeral mass was held for Carmen Salgado on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, at St. Anthony's Catholic Church in Peñitas.
5895	Puck drop between the Leafs and Dynamiters is scheduled for 7 p.m. We encourage an open exchange of ideas on this story's topic, but we ask you to follow our guidelines for respecting community standards.
5896	Puff pastry is called puff because it puffs!
5897	Pulaski County has become one of the University of Georgia’s Archway partners.
5898	Pulaski Police Department Capt. Anthony Meredith said 22-year-old Steven Edward Kaine Akers is charged with felony child abuse and malicious wounding.
5899	Pull my other leg.
5900	Pulp looks vulnerable in the short term. Costs are rising.
5901	Pumpkinflowers: An Israeli Soldier’s Story is about the "security zone" Israel created in south Lebanon during the 1990s.
5902	Puneri Paltan started Season 4 of Star Sports Pro Kabaddi League on a high, but have since slipped a little by losing three games in a row.
5903	Purdy and Egg Harbor Township Mayor James “Sonny” McCullough said they are concerned about residents being able to pay their bills and ultimately their taxes.
5904	Putin and Uzbek president Islam Karimov announced a deal will be finalized in the near future for a new natural gas pipeline to pump Turkmen and Uzbek gas across Uzbekistan into the Russian pipeline system for re-export to Europe.
5905	Put more simply, no assets were close enough to help in time.
5906	Putting more money into the schools as the currently exist is like giving more drugs to a junkie.
5907	PW: Why do you think your writing has such broad appeal?
5908	Q&A: Undersecretary of the Army Patrick Murphy visits South Sound Undersecretary of the Army Patrick Murphy, second from the left, visited Joint Base Lewis-McChord on Wednesday.
5909	Q. From which countries do you expect to host the largest share of tourists?
5910	Q. Have you cooperated with other JCCs in past fitness events?
5911	Q: How efficient, in Your opinion, is the potential of Turkmenistans' neutrality in regional economic integration is used?
5912	Q. How long have you been in television news, and where?
5913	Q: I have a question I hope you can answer for me.
5914	Qin said the books were handed to Metro staff and would be kept at the station temporarily.
5915	Q: Is there any connection intended to the Lions residence?
5916	Qiu spent five years writing the autobiography.
5917	Q. This is Women Without Men by Sharnush Parsipur?
5918	Q. Those local listeners think you live there?
5919	Quality education needed to increase growth rate 6 things India must do to be innovation leader 1. Top 10 most expensive dog breeds in the world 2. In Pics: How the world sees the US elections 3. You can't fall over this BMW bike, ever!
5920	Qualys defines free cash flows as cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property and equipment and capitalized software development costs.
5921	Quamina has promised that CNC3 and Alleyne will receive a pre-action protocol letter before the end of this week.
5922	Qubai Yi injury has not fully recovered, and silver Fort elders 200-120 together hurriedly rushed Days of Al Quds.
5923	Queen Kelsey, the daughter of Chris and Stephanie Barnhill of Olla, presided over her Court, consisting of nine maids, during homecoming.
5924	Quick answers to your questions and quick placement of care are hallmarks of Americare.
5925	Quint indicated that USM will continue to operate in a direction toward financial sustainability, rather than change how things are being done to align with the AAUP’s standards.
5926	QUOTE OF THE DAY “If the cards are marked, are we expected to play anyway?”
5927	Q: Will you continue your NLD activities?
5928	Q You left Mars Hill four years ago and moved to California.
5929	Rabbit is loosely based on the Chinese zodiac, and danced to an orchestration of Sufjan Stevens’ “Enjoy Your Rabbit,” but there are few specifics from Asian astrology.
5930	Rachel Watson represented HHS at the 2015 Intel International Science and Engineering Fair (ISEF) in Pittsburgh.
5931	Radio chatter on Lap 265: Joey Meier: "You're coming to the white."
5932	Ragashanti Live, the once popular radio programme hosted by Kingsley Stewart, was known for its unabashed presentation of lurid experiences in raw and graphic language.
5933	Rail: It’s a structure that worked perfectly for Max Ophüls’s La Ronde and Le Plaisir.
5934	Rain date July 31. WELLSVILLE – Wellsville High School Class of 1968 meets 6 p.m. today at the Roadhouse.
5935	Rajendarkumar T. Melwani, Manager Said application has been made to the Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission in accordance with the provisions of the Texas Alcoholic Beverage Code.
5936	Ramadan is due to begin on November 17. "We would certainly hope that the military operation comes to an end as fast as possible, as swiftly as possible before the month of Ramadan," he said.
5937	Ramirez said that his entire crew is completely local and has been in Silver City for over a decade.
5938	Ramona doesn’t know how to apologize properly, to anyone.
5939	Ramsey was turning his life around.
5940	Rantanen apologized to Nebel, noting that he should have been informed of the commission’s status before traveling to the meeting.
5941	Ra's poetic imagination is grounded in the force of life and growth as manifested in motherhood and plant life.
5942	Rather, service providers should be evaluated based on a combination of global resolution times, network security, and reliability.
5943	Rather than argue about which of these is most important, let’s agree that they are all important, and move forward from there.
5944	Rather than hogging his pulpit, he is training others, mentoring hundreds; the five wise men are a prime example.
5945	Rather than rectify the problem, this is more likely to compound it.
5946	Rationalist proggies are about as far from the people that are the party's base as are those that make up the Rep base.
5947	Read a digital copy of the latest edition of Commerce City Sentinel online Wednesday, November 24, 2010 at 12:05 pm Laura Vega and Marco A. Martinez, of Brighton, announce the birth of their son, Marco Antonio Martinez Vega.
5948	Read an article about a distant place.
5949	Reader sees houses becoming much cheaper in future How to tell if your child needs a tutor this school year With the fresh slate of another school year, most parents in Durham Region might not yet be..
5950	Reading – books, magazines, newspapers?
5951	Read more » Christina Heiser,Editor-in-Chief and Christina Heiser,Editor-in-Chief New York drivers will have to keep their hands on the wheel starting Nov. 1, when a statewide law against texting while driving goes into effect.
5952	Read more DAVID FOY March 29, 1954-March 2, 2006 A service to celebrate the life of David Elmo Foy, 51, was held Tuesday at 6 p.m. at The First Pentecostal Holiness Church.
5953	Read write-ups on new gadgets and prototypes for future innovation. google seo people must and must not be doing on your Web pages to make them place greater in online search engine.
5954	Ready, Willing & Able workers honored with thanks A South-of-South site hosted a reception in recognition of a Hawthorne-based entity’s cleaning efforts.
5955	Real estate giant targets new Florida market One of the largest commercial real estate services firms in the world, CBRE Group, is expanding on the Gulf Coast with a Southwest Florida office.
5956	Really, how we view our physical appearance is impacted by the outside world no matter what we call ourselves.
5957	“Really, they’re building a monster here.
5958	Rebreather friendly and NITROX is available.
5959	Rebuilding of Liberia by Liberians is imperative.
5960	Recalling his initial response to the images in The Bog People, Heaney tells interviewer James Randall: “This wasn’t thought out.
5961	Recent developments offer a glimmer of hope, he suggested.
5962	Recently Atlantic City Council passed a resoluti… Mike Reynolds, a national account director for Meet AC, did a lot of that traveling.
5963	Reconciliation is at the heart of the work of Missionaries of Mercy.
5964	Records: Stanford 5-3; Seattle 2-2 posted by Rick on Nov 28, 2012 at 9:21 pm Report Objectionable Comment or Incorrect Information.
5965	Recycle old mobile phones, DVDs, CDs and clothes.
5966	Red Cross of Posey County opens emergency shelter By Sara Manifold, Community Editor Thursday, January 29, 2009 at 12:00 am The Red Cross of Posey County has opened an emergency shelter in Mount Vernon.
5967	Redeemer students would take the bulk of their courses at and get their degree from Trinity.
5968	RED OAK -- Inclement weather has forced some changes to Northern Nash High School’s basketball schedule.
5969	Red Oak's boys have claimed the Tri-County Conference Championship in 11 of those campaigns, the latest of which came as part of the 2016 event on April 27 at Gillette Park in Wilson.
5970	Reducing gas requirements by this amount would benefit oil producers not only from a cost perspective.
5971	Reference Source License (Ms-RSL) and Limited Public License (Ms-LPL) are proprietary software licenses where the source code is made available.
5972	“Refugees in particular are a really crucial expression of our humanitarian commitment to people fleeing persecution,” she said.
5973	Regarding high-top tables, I say a lot of stuff on TV.
5974	Regarding your article PM, Sonia Gandhi to Visit Bihar on Thursday, it is true that Soniaji or Singh Saheb would not have come to their annual visit if there was no flood.
5975	Regardless, many of the stars, both onscreen and off, praised his part in the film.
5976	Regis Philbin delights us, especially since he is a Bronx boy and went to Cardinal Hayes High School.
5977	Registered Paint gelding, 12 years old, good ranch, Gymkana and roping horse, $3500.
5978	Register for camps through the City of Santa Clara www.santaclaraca.gov August 2 - Santa Clara Street Dance featuring OTR Band OTR Band performs Rock n' Roll music from the 70s all the way to today's hits.
5979	Register here for FREE First Lady visits Dominican that he lost his legs run over by expareja posted on: Oct 13 2012 20:1 by RDugey.
5980	Registration entries will include a t-shirt, food, drink, official timing and family photo booth.
5981	Registration is done at the center, and customers can call 448-9907, ext. 103 for more information.
5982	Registrations may be made online or in person at the parks and rec office at 90 Monmouth Street.
5983	Regression testing is testing the software after changes have been made to it, in order to ensure no new bugs have been introduced in the software.
5984	REIMER, Thomas Robert Born to Thomas William and Cindy A. Reimer on April 15, 1971, died on February 6, 2010, in Durango, Colo. He was preceded in death by his mother, Cindy.
5985	REL (22-6) scored seven runs off starter Aguilar - who went three innings giving up nine hits and eight runs while walking one and striking out one.
5986	RELATED: SAPD: Drug dealer kills customer who held onto speeding vehicle after robbery attempt No one was injured in the crash, but the driver is being checked for a DWI, the officer said.
5987	"Relativity" is based on published theories about Lieserl Einstein's existence, but (not unlike another hot Hartford theater premiere this year, Hartford Stage's "Anastasia") speculation overwhelms scholarship.
5988	Religious liberty: Concern over growing infringements Concerns that religious liberty is being eroded by government action and policymaking prompted the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops to open a..
5989	Remember that patriotism was defined in its most basic form as a love of country and a commitment to pulling together in the face of adversity so that we all would be stronger?
5990	Remove from heat and stir for five minutes.
5991	Renovating the classic brick schoolhouse would cost millions, the school district needs the money and the city wants the property on the tax rolls.
5992	Renteria said he is "totally, completely happy with the opportunity" the Cubs gave him, that his firing was "just business, just baseball."
5993	Renters would also receive relief.
5994	Rep. Greg Vitali says the Pennsylvania Radiological Society opposes the measure, citing concern that it could interfere with the doctor-patient relationship.
5995	Replay Video will begin in STOP VIDEO Reports of 'shooting' at Invercargill Four Square Police are looking for a male in relation to the incident.
5996	Reports coming out of San Pedro are that Sy was staying in a nearby resort and had been in the country for about a month and was scheduled to leave Belize yesterday.
5997	Reports said the two were abducted by soldiers after leading a string of campaigns against the Stock Distribution Option (SDO).
5998	Republicans and Democrats at all levels are reaching out to Latino voters with Spanish-language ads and targeted outreach in hopes of picking up more votes.
5999	Republicans need to explain how they could stomach the idea that this man would take Abraham Lincoln’s chair.
6000	Research dollars to the Wyoming Fish and Wildlife Cooperative Research Unit - $115,000 reduction The Wyoming Fish and Wildlife Cooperative Research Unit serves as the research arm of the department.
